e
e e
[Music]
w
he
[Music]
y
with oh
[Music]
stop stop it you know the drill enough
of this shush nice welcome good morning
um
hello the videos are coming for me and
they're coming for you
next so that's why um welcome to the
first post Monarch
stream let's
undeen good morning
little screen share so you can see on
your
end nice um before we get started before
we get started with anything I want to
shout
out this one thing that
happened so I don't know if everyone
knows this exactly but YouTube has been
offering like Auto suggestions for like
responding to comments
and I just have to I just have to show
this one because it's really it's really
good comments All well and good nice
just the the recommendation of try
listening to I Am the Monarch on repeat
for an extra boost of
motivation what are you talking
about I Am the Monarch should I respond
to them with that
try listening to Monarch try listening
to I Am the
Monarch just my favorite song
anyway welcome to the first post Monarch
stream
um if you haven't listened to the album
already that's okay but I can tell tell
you we beat we beat album Premiere
records by a huge margin I think our
biggest Premiere before was
Carousel and this one
has uh topped everything so and as of
right
now monarch of monsters is set to have
the
biggest first day viewership for
anything I've put up on YouTube except
for ANM
it's
crazy it's crazy not only because it's
not there the the cover doesn't exactly
have the standard Fair of like ponies on
it but
also all original characters too one of
the big points of Ana being popular is
is like what everyone knows
Fluttershy and uh we're we're doing this
with fully original characters which is
crazy
I'm I'm very proud of
that which is why it's Takis
day
um someone
said something about the blue Takis
someone told me to try the blue Takis so
I was like okay I will cuz I've been
having Takis since I was a kid
you know who actually introduced me to
Takis was Pedro shout out
Pedro
um so I would have been in middle school
when I first had Takis and I've been
addicted ever since I go in and out
because like they [__] up my stomach a
little bit but they haven't been this
time so it's fine
um regardless I had never tried the blue
Takis so someone was like you should try
the blue Takis I was like okay I will so
I got them yesterday or the day before
or something and let me just tell you
never having them
again they're literally just normal
takies but like less than half of the
actual spice and
sourness I'm very disappointed
tacos when I eat a
Tak I want to feel my mouth like scrunch
up and my eyes squint
that's the proper
experience for eating a Taki the blue
Takis I was just like oh there's like
kind of a twin to it I
suppose it's fine I guess no I I want to
I want to cringe when I eat a talki
that's the proper
experience
anyway
so if we're we will I open
to discussion of the album for those who
have uh already listened to it and uh if
you haven't already known about this
either there actually is a full book
that you can read it is out now you can
it comes with the band camp download if
you have the band camp version or you
can just read it for free on my
website uh just go to my website and
click on the Monarch stuff in the music
page actually I could show you how to
get there I try to make this very
easy cuz there's a lot of things to
navigate but if you go to my website
click on music up top here here's where
all the music is you click on here this
shows you the warning
page and this will you can click here
and check out the uh what the [__] no
[__] off what [__] off no it's not even
funny anyway you can read the whole
thing here for free so it's also
formatted so theoretically If someone
knows how to publish like and print
books they if you want to make your own
one uh you could just do that I think
now is the goodest time as ever for
people to learn how to do their own like
book printing cuz
uh there there are a lot of interesting
censorship things attempting
to be facilitated in this country
specifically right now so uh learn how
to print books and uh you can practice
with the monara monsters cuz uh
copyright is for
losers so go for it who
cares anyway go read the book if you
want to listen to the album if you want
to and uh
yeah let's
see what just happened
okay so what are we doing today um jump
scare Windows oh no that's not good I
agree
however we can uh play some Black M and
we're going to start it from the
beginning because the just the frame
rates were just really
weird no windows 11
no um can I'm not going to play fortnite
today
I would I I've been out of the game for
a little bit though I don't have my
momentum for it but I have uh so last
two streams ago I think I tried playing
Black
Mesa on stream I was playing it through
crossover so it was like a wine
bottle um just a basic translation layer
and for whatever reason that one didn't
work very well like I couldn't run the
game I have half lifee 2 or I've had
halflife 2 I I played played half lifee
2 like a couple years ago
already uh I don't know why Crayon
Physics open but that's okay I I have
half lifee
2 I last played
it not November 5th that's a lie I don't
know why it says I open it November
5th but I played it I played it
recently when my third or fourth time
playing
it uh and I've played uh halflife one
like through same of times it's half
life
too getting in a Genesis do you have
recommendations uh that really depends
because it kind it depends on your music
taste if you're
feeling if you're if you're feeling bold
you should listen
to uh Selling England by the
pound if you're feeling less bold do
trick of the tail and if you're feeling
the least bold you just want something
accessible go with
Duke those are my recommendations every
Genesis album is great except for their
first and last
one even ABAC abacab is like kind of
kind of
enjoyable but uh from Genesis to
Revelation and uh coling stations those
albums are not
great
okay yeah the first album I listen to
was wind and weaing and I would have
been like six or seven mhm maybe even
earlier I don't remember but anyway back
to the black Mesa thing I was trying to
play Black Mesa bigo I was running at
the crossover wine thing and I we
couldn't even run it on high frames on
the lowest possible settings and that's
what's interesting about that is
that
um crossover usually runs things better
for me on Mac
um but for whatever reason uh the VM is
just better for black Mesa in
specific
so I don't really know why if anyone has
an answer for us to why that might be
the case that' be great but you know
what we got I think we've got it figured
out maybe we'll have some hiccups along
the way still but I tested it and it's
definitely a lot better than the
crossover version so let's go to run
and chat once the once the game starts
just let me know if the volume works
properly it should have I should have
already put this into my stream a
aggregate for the audio devices but in
case it's silent for you please let me
know and
chat it looks like the sound is working
on mine
it's pretty loud okay turning it
down I have a turn down in my OBS right
now let me now okay turn it back up OBS
back up and then I'll take the
actual audio here and turn down and look
we actually get to use the proper UI
instead of the silly
one that's not giv me a live a live
thing okay we'll just
do that I
think look our frames are actually good
isn't that
nice and we don't have to use motion
blur I don't think motion blur is on
right
oh and we don't have to use motion
blur wait where's my mouse help no don't
do this to
me
okay it's lost my
mouse so I can't resume let's let's uh
that's our first hiccup everyone just
keep track start your tallies
okay
okay okay looks good
why not play regular half lifee 2
because this is half lifee
one I just finished replaying halflife
one last night anyway
too
okay double checking the motion blur one
more time
here Mo okay do I do I attempt to turn
this off again
oh thank God [__] motion
blur we got it no uh block Mesa is half
lifee
one good morning however both games do
start you out in a train isn't that nice
and welcome to the black MC Mesa transit
system this automated train is provid I
will say it cuz we're replaying this
already and this is I'm the the
announcer at the start of this is a
little strange for me compared to the
one from the original half lifee one but
that's fine for the security and
convenience of the black Mesa research
facility also yes the monarch of
monsters tag is the the Half Life 2 like
wolf siren
thing the time is 8 840 this is still
kind of loud did that did those settings
save no they didn't that's
why that's there we go a
current topside temperature is
93 with an estimated High
of5 the black Mesa compound is
maintained at a pleasant 68 at all
times
we do get longer load times with black
Mesa versus the original halflife so
that's uh you
know yes I tested the
grenades and they worked just
fine so
hopefully streaming it will not affect
anything sector C test labs and control
facilities if your intended destination
is a high security area Beyond sector C
you will need to return to the Central
Transit Hub in area 9 and high security
train now about that woke I owe you if
you have not yet submitted your identity
to the retinal clearance system you must
report to Black Mesa Personnel for
processing before you permitted into the
high security branch of the transit
system yeah I was saying like oh in the
black Mesa remake they figured out how
to add women to the video gely handled
in the black Mesa compound no smoking
eating or drinking are permitted within
the black Mesa trans
eating I'm
drinking and uh I don't have
a just pretend I'm
smoking please keep your limbs inside
the train at all times do not attempt to
open the doors not every extremity of my
body is a limb at the station
platform check out this not ecy
passengers are to remain seated and
await further
instruction if it is necessary to exit
the train disabled Personnel should be
evacuated first please stay away from
electrified rails and proceed to an
emergency station until assistance
arrives
black Mesa announcer clearly doesn't
know about the King of
[Music]
Limbs I will say the helicopter feels
less for boating than in halflife
one for some
reason it looks less out of place in
this black Mesa remake cuz everything's
so like
technologically substantial whereas in
uh the original the helicopter seemed
like a sore thumb which actually made it
feel more for
boing what was it uh there was the the
bad Google translate version of halflife
1 where Gordon's Gordon uh Freeman was
instead Gordon Cicero
the helicopter is a thumb
sorry Gordon Cicero and they just called
him
Cicero I only just found out about that
so my memory might might not be working
properly a reminder that the black Mesa
Hazard course decathalon will commence
this evening at 1900 hours in the level
three facility the semifinals for high
security Personnel will be announced in
separate secure broadcast transmission
remember more lives than yours may
depend on your
Fitness also this version of the game
has a has a Crouch jump setting which is
interesting part of me was is like maybe
you could remove the necessity to have a
Crouch jump but at the same time
wouldn't feel the same for a SCE game
immedi are Ava in the ofal handl and low
clearance
security please contact black Mesa
Personnel for further
information Gordon sister are you
transgender C
biology or other Hightech disciplines
please contact our civilian recr that's
M you can
seeb say hi
[Music]
Matt we are talking about my new album
we're playing a game inspired by it
right now
[Music]
a reminder to all black Mesa Personnel
regular radiation and biohazard
screenings are requirement of employment
in the black Mesa research
facility missing a scheduled your
analysis or radiation checkup is ground
for immediate
termination if you feel you exposed go
go to your
Sledge nothing bad can come of this
safety officer
immediately sludge for you Matt you love
it see now I can finally say sludge out
of context everyone's just going to be
like what the [__] are you talking about
lab and
facili stand back from the automated
door and wait for the security officer
to verify your identity before exiting
the train be sure to check your area for
personal belongings thank you and have a
very safe and productive
day
whoa morning
mran it's actually CIS but it's fine
know Barney's been pretty scarce around
these
parts guess his must have finally caught
up with it's cuz he's gay he loves
Cicero a man you cut the
ponytail sell out
like our frames are actually really good
now I don't know why it took switching
to the VM over
crossover I also feel like Gordon is is
is nonbinary in some
way silent for silent protagonists
always strike me as like clear coated
cuz I hate
talking did I just spin bot
nice hey Mr Freeman I had a bunch of
messages for you but we had a system
crash about I don't know 20 minutes ago
and I'm still trying to find my files
just one of those days I guess they were
also having some problems down in the
test chamber too but I think that's all
straightened out they told me to make
sure you headed down there as soon as
you got into your hazard suit is there a
reason you look ugly as
[__] no I guess they just look like that
no just kidding why was this not turned
on please don't [__] me
over you can just say that about someone
well I [__]
did okay now they're beautiful and
lovely I think let me make sure my
confirmation bias isn't affecting my
decisions nice they look lovely and
beautiful
nowe Conta Human
Resources wait the Bible the Jesus
Christ is my
Lord take this what the [__] you're a
football and I love that for
you do you love Jesus I don't think I've
ever actually seen you perform any work
at
all okay you're scaring
me
okay
thanks I was really [__] out of
pocket but all right thank you do you
want the Bible
that really hurt no it's the youry
little the it's the Bible you love
Jesus okay I think we actually need to
turn it up
now or maybe I don't know just something
like
this should it be this or it should be
this right
look at my
frames existent Thal protection system
seems to be online now those TPS reports
have gotten progressively worse hard to
find good help these days yes about that
we're going to need you to come in this
weekend what I've already made plans
don't worry you can always attend the
next
convention wait you're going to Midwest
offic
reports
ad has anyone actually even seen your
degree
Freeman Jesus Christ
guys everyone's bullying
cisero frean this is not how you go
about getting my
attention how do I get it Wilson please
call observation tank oh would you look
at that Look whose tie is normal Freeman
actually did show up for work this
morning looks like somebody here owes me
lunch good morning
Freeman shut
up yep yep yep SEC there's pepperoni
pizza and M pleas report to office
complex level later
Gordon later what you'll be dead this is
your last chance I mean love you the
sample was just sent down to the test
chamber holy [__] this is the stuff that
Paul McCartney mixed
on who gives a
[__] big day today a Freeman it's
actually cisero but that's
fine good morning Gordon we can talk
later Gordon you're going to be dead
you're going to be dead take this at
least try to maintain decorum Freeman
please I mean it was
here it's not quite pegas
sys is that the PO McCartney
frequency
maybe you're living in the past that
experiment is single-handedly
responsible for inspiring my career in
science recognition you think you're
going to get for
reproduction you should focus on
inventing something new and unique he
does how oh this is more than
replication I assure you for one it
shows how far our field has come since
the original study was published since
the original n has come perspective
necessary to monitor its influence I
mean combined with today's technology
I've recreated ah I can't stand to hear
another word of this
Malarkey don't won mind him but here's
something to think about for the next
time you and your sugarcoated airsots
are absolutely full of it creativity is
the art of hiding your influence now
let's get back to work we should at
least try to look busy I'm putting
together a
team it's called trash
island drain gang forever oh another
one J
retor
team
nice hello Dr
cross I'm actually cisero but it's
fine I'll be taking this oh apparently
I'm not easy Freeman that's highly
unstable
do you think we should delay for another
recalibration okay where's smelvin
smelvin in his big suit I don't think
I'm supposed to go in this
way yeah
okay not now Gordon
morning champ shut up Jesus [__]
Christ Heaven what the
hellal
immedately you think you can fix the
vending machine too college boy actually
sis you will never hear the end of this
yeah you best make like an Adam and
split cuz uh that was um that was you
know who
lunch
cisero
cisero cisero can you access the mail
server
cisero
Cicero cisero wants this
cup you'll be called on the carpet in no
time if you keep this up
cisero
cisero why do we all have to wear these
ridiculous ties actually I'm cisero
so dreat no toilet
paper don't worry buddy I know how the
game video game
works wait
Mac
Blazer we're going to get this uh we're
going to get we're g to get this
uh this does not bode well for the rest
of
us actually it's cisero but it's
fine hello hello could somebody get me
some toilet paper what do you think that
is
cisero cisero excuse
me oh thank heavens I'm in dire need of
some toilet paper
ciso that's a [__] slam dunk
cisero
cisero get in [__] okay that's fine let
me see my bads you [__]
idiot
cisero this is the cisero
cosplay welcome to the h
for protective system for use in
hazardous environment conditions I am
reactive arm
activ contaminant sens no they're for
you monitor activated
automatical systems engaged defensive
level EnV
Communications interface online have a
very safe
[Music]
day you better make like a nut and
bolt
ciso I hope things return
toal right I'm not missing anything else
right oh no I forgot to see the the
Gman jeez Louise man oh he's already
wait yeah he's already
gone right wait no this is the room he's
supposed to be
in have
noidea I think I missed
him but he's like the ciest in the
game we're all set for this weekend Dr
Gibbons is coming in to cover for you
Splendid I haven't missed the New Mexico
comic convention yet yes soon we will
drive our enemies before us and hear the
Lamentations of their women
C
agent you lost days yeah this is still
the wrong airlock
stop this very instant I'm not you can't
even prove I did
it everyone's
so go right on through
sir it's actually cisero but it's
fine looks like you're in
the that's you you're
famous you're the guy from the working
as a
team isn't that so
nice a you're even there
too you're next to Dr
Octagonapus a go look at the other one
now it's coming back
nope that's not you that's
Matt you're so close Matt is gay and is
in the sludge right
now
okay Isn't it nice when you have FPS for
your video game
goodbye did you catch that last
fluctuation it's nothing to worry
about can I break
up
cisero h we should harness the remaining
photonic energy to ensure resonance
control double check the Brewsters
plates angles and make sure these super
luminescent diodes are protected from
Optical feedback yeah if you don't check
the rooster plates I'm going to kill you
with a hammer what's up doc no
cisero Gordon
nope hi Gordon nope
ah Gordon there you are nice of you to
finally join us doctor we've just sent
the sample down to the test chamber
we've boosted the anti-mass spectrometer
to
105% bit of a gamble but we needed the
extra resolution the administrator is
very concerned that we get a conclusive
analysis of today's sample I gather he
went to some lengths to get it they're
waiting for you Gordon in the test
chamber right come on then I'll walk you
down I'll walk you
down Eli has been busy making last
minute preparations for the new
experiment greetings Eli morning Izzy I
trust this morning finds you
well Gordon K good morning K I'm glad
you're here these last I actually
thought they were for a second [__] wish
fulfillment it changes
they're a bit strange to just oh it's
about to go
critical what in the blazes is going on
with our equipment failure it was never
meant to do this in the first
place it's nothing we can't handle
ourselves
Eli run along Gordon we'll be but a
moment
you want
this go on Gordon we'll take it from
here hungry
okay I'm going in the big mason jar
hello
Freeman
swerve you know this is far from the
glory I had envisioned as an undergrad
how so I've got two phds and an earth
dead metal and I find myself doing work
best suited for an intern please you do
very meaningful work here really push
that button walk over here push this one
stand and stare at the screen walk back
over there push another button again
come now you're
overreacting I don't know how much
longer I can abide these Fu
T oh there you are everybody's been
looking for you
umbre you should listen to uh this so
this one is called monarch of monsters
you'll love it you know they used to
give me pills for that kind of behavior
ah here he
is I'm afraid we'll be deviating a bit
from standard analysis procedure today
Gordon yes yes but with good reason this
is a rare opportunity for us this is the
purest sample we've seen yet and
potentially the most unstable now as
long as we follow standard insertion
procedures everything will be fine I
don't know how you can say that although
I will admit that the possibility of a
resident Cascade scenario is extremely
unlikely I just don't feel Jord doesn't
need to hear all this just kiss God we
assur the administrator that nothing
[__] deal go
wrong yes you're right Gordon we have
complete confidence in
you well go ahead let's let him in now
[Music]
testing
testing everything seems to be in
order all right Gordon your suit should
keep you comfortable through all this
the specimen will be delivered to you in
a few moments now if you would be so
good as to climb up and start the rotors
that way we can bring the antias
spectrometer to 80% and hold it there
until the carrier
[Music]
arrives very good can I take it from
here
power to stage one emits in 3 2
1 I'm seeing predictable phase
arrays stage two emitters
activating
now according we cannot predict how long
the system can operate at this level nor
how long the reading will take uh please
work as quickly as you
can overhead capacitors to
105% uh it's probably not a problem
probably but I'm showing a small
discrepancy
in well no it's well with an acceptable
down sustaining
sequence we've just been informed that
the sample is ready for it should be
coming up to you with any look to the
delivery system for your
specimen give me my
speci it's inside of a very small
map get in there standard
insertion get away from
the oh God shut it down shut it down
someone get him out of shutting down
it's not it's not shutting down down
no
dog
yets this is dog
yat and that's Tim and moi
okay really quickly can someone explain
to me why we're still fighting vortigon
in this
remake cuz wasn't like the idea of
killing Von's Recon in halflife
2 is it just racism
maybe that is the case
yeah they're enslaved by the giant ass
baby
okay that makes
sense which is makes it still sad to
kill them
[Music]
also does anyone know if the neilan's
fight in this in in Black Mesa is like
more reasonable than the halflife one
one cuz I [__] hate the final fight
in halflife one
i' never have liked
it okay I believe you I believe you
SpongeBob
4 1 2 3
[Music]
4 damn
it
breathe they did
it they listens to Monarch of Monsters
[Music]
2 why'd you take the guy's Med kit I
don't know cuz funny we do a little
trolling or something I don't know
[Music]
look straight up didn't give me a choice
I just walk next to it listen I I tried
to War I never thought I'd see a
resident's Cascade let alone create
one bye scher's cat he's alive Gordon
thank God for that Hazard suit all the
phones are out I can't reach anyone in
the facility you need to get to the
surface and let someone know that we're
stranded down here there's no telling
what kind of danger
is
Lamar
fting
you we can't afford to waste time you'll
need me for the retinal scanner I'm
certain the rest of the science team
will help you along the way and for
God's sake keep that suit sh on until
you end the clear you hear
me take this you're not you when you're
thirsty oh the timing I didn't realize I
was going to do that so perfectly
[Laughter]
oh oh that was so
[Music]
funny biohazard warning in sector
b
c no
hello hey you forgot you forgot this
warning high energy detonation detected
in
materials who could have forgotten
something like this
hey must be a trump
voter don't worry stop [__] crying
I'm
coming they must have been Trump
voters Cicero
Gordon no Gordon man am I glad to see
you what the hell are these things man
and why are they wearing science team
uniforms Fallout yeah let's
go here comes more of those
things oh
cisero min
wait are you in the poster
too which one are you in
oh Jesus this place is in bad shape no
excuse me yeah excuse
you you
love that's something you love to do
burn did you eat that why did you eat it
no you're not very good at halflife you
need to stop you need to walk away okay
he's going to die
get let me get out
of oh my
goodness he knows how to
walk get the purple hat wait is it
here wait where is
it cuz I I do know about the purple
hat quiet
is it where we got off of the train oh
okay well oh well I think we can get
back
there this [__] is something out of a
Sci-Fi what is this some kind of
halflife hey can you do this uh thank
you oh
Cicero sorry Freeman
Cicero okay doc grab what you got to
grab but don't
Dole I completely forgot to get that in
here um is there even anything else to
get in here sorry man
oh there's that I
suppose
no you are supposed to love toilet paper
how do you like
that D dude
it's it's not safe yet it has no idea
what you're saying to
it here we go I'm rich sorry you're
welcome why are you eating
that Bring it on Bring what on
okay we're going to need
this check this [__]
out
oops don't if you don't
I'm going to [__] lose my mind just a
little bit stop stop
it if I come back there I'm going to
pick up see if there's a flare in here
I'm going to come back here and
uh okay there's no flare in
here this is out but maybe it's uh
maybe it's a lovely
idea okay this is still
happening
okay you know
what don't th don't hit detected no
no half
life don't worry
buddy don't
worry okay there's nothing I can do
about
this is he like straight up not going to
die no hard feelings right
no hard feelings right hey do me a favor
all right you Scout on up ahead yeah
just just stay there you you've done
your job
he's he's like oh they're still here oh
they okay he probably just gave
up it's not a big [__] deal just deal
with it
[Music]
Christ that's it that enough die yes
yes I already made a joke about this one
can't do it again
oh yeah okay
it had Blue
switches in there
power 15%
Gordon is the wait Cicero don't laugh
you're not good at that I'm better at
throwing that no see who's better at
throwing
that
Fu I can't
you forgot
those take
this take
this Dylan okay let's
go shut up dog
y I'm funnier than thou
looks like someone's in hot water
now do
there's valve etc
etc hold on now hold on let me just
reload for a second Now give me just a
second hold on I know you're hold on
minor lacerations detected
yeah yes throw it
[Music]
back no Cicero
oh thank God listen I know where you can
find some more Weaponry there's a
security office not far from here take
me with you and I'll unlock the door
I wish I could be of more help in a
firefight but I'm a
pacifist why can't I shoot it will not
let me shoot
him wait where am I bringing
him I was straight up not paying oh I'm
bringing him
here come on
you know I'm better at throwing
this don't even try I didn't even need
to bring the pistol
out safe
Pap no well at any
rate what at any rate what are you
talking
about you know this this is woke
halflife you know this because they
would let you shoot the scientists in
the in halflife
one what do you saying it's wrong to
kill innocent people now Jesus Christ
what is the world coming to I've had my
film for excitement
today um you're welcome to stay if you
want
all right here comes
valve come in you can do
it
no you might find this funny but I don't
no that was weird and I hate weird
things hold
on I tried to reload the crowbar for no
reason I wish it
worked here they come
G
ganga how much they hurt I literally
just played half
life casting spells and [__] Gordon is
that you is it safe it's not safe look
there's a damn
Daniel oh oh dear I do believe I soiled
myself yes yes
[Music]
bro thank
here can you take this thank
you
take can you take this
no can I
you're so bad at
half loading cisero
power 15% did I just find a health p in
there but then this fell on me and did
damage to me am I Mis interpreting the
situation I might put auto aim on
because I [__] hate having to try and
shoot the head crabs sometimes
oh that's the ugliest auto aim in
history but
okay no sorry that's cheesy as [__] I
I'm not even going to play with Auto
ammo just because of
that so okay uh
they
back is there anything to do in here
this I
remember like confused for a
second here they come
[Music]
minations be
remember last stream where we entered
this room and everything fell apart well
nothing's falling apart
now ch's the real uh something something
something power
20% one for each
remember this remember this place
guys
look I can do
it no
issues I have frames
Galore SP
D check the vents oh someone was saying
that last time I think I'm [__]
though can't get back can I can
I cisero why do you sound like
that see now I want to see if I can get
back
is it
possible it didn't jump Cicero stop
complaining like a little little [__]
you
are this is what you get for cutting the
ponytail you hear
me okay it straight up doesn't let me
jump it like doesn't jump pull out the
knife yeah I would but you know what
you're right
power
35% yeah I'll just check the auto save
um how do I load a save
here how do I load a save
just okay I meant to click main menu or
whatever but whatever just uh
okay alt f4 jokes on you I'm on a Mac
here
no nope I think I'm
uh yeah know
it's like overwritten the save or
something what was in the vent
cuz
like it does let me
jump oh there's a barrier
okay how do I bring up
console is it's just the
normal I have to enable it first
right but this doesn't work does
it wait do I have to do uh
did I to do this one or did no Club just
work okay no club didn't work okay I do
have to do
sv2
okay that was nice
hello what was in the vents
what was in the
vents I think yeah I do think I changed
Maps that's why it won't show me the
whole
thing is it just
a that's that just brings me here
this just brings me
here you're trolling me I've been
trolled I've been
trolled
see like thank you I
guess I'm here though
thank you
power
5% power
50%
yummers okay finally we're back where we
left off on the previous
stream
warning chemical
detected yeah I detected in too
are you can shoot underwater
now
wait if you could shoot underwater is
there a point of the crossbow anymore
the whole point in halflife one is the
crossbow lets you shoot underwater cuz
nothing else shoots
underwater only the Glock
okay Power
60% power
75% also if you see me just running
around looking at random [__] and like
clicking on things it's because I'm a
Souls born
player even even if I know how these
this particular game works I can't stop
the urge
okay everything has to matter
I still I still struggle to know how to
pronounce the I
iosaur [__] I thought that was toilet
paper I was excited we could have gotten
that guy another one of those uh famous
toilet papers
hold
on Taki is making me Sneezy
so here's my question is there no reason
to go in
here this is the one I was confusing
with with the uh last stage with similar
layout can you get in there or is this
just for
decoration flask upgrad in there you
said said that and I got excited for
second I like oh [__] really I got to
get in there like the [__] are you
talking
about I just Tred to crouch jump but it
doesn't automatically I keep
forgetting I yeah thank you I
know it gives me up now it's like I know
it just feels really weird to not have
to crouch
down stop why am I this
is all right
okay survive the apocalypse but not this
[__]
BS I promise I'm not doing this on
purpose promise this is just misinput
[Applause]
finally a new valve wait wait wait
wait so if I climb up this
way then if I climb up this way
sideways h
okay not true to the source not true to
Source I should climb up
faster when I go
sideways what black and white and should
be red all over
wait isn't this where we get the broom
closet
ending I'm genuinely so serious this
hallway is like the exact layout of
where the broom closet is and
uh this has to be a reference I think I
just brain rot don't listen to me just
don't [__] listen to me I just have
have
[Music]
problems they they up the anti on the
uh um oh [__] why am I forgetting what
these are
called the oh my God why am I forgetting
what these are called the something
Hound help
me what's wrong with me I was just
saying them the other
day the oh man all right
whatever so is this this is this is kind
of a different yeah Hound die thank you
I don't know why I freaking forgot
that I think I wanted to say something
like sound
related okay we're just end
here and that's where we just came
from wait yeah no I I swear to
God this is like the BR like the broom
closet happens on this on a left wall
when turning left this
way like am I insane for feeling that
there's a crossover because again the
narrator from Stanley Parable does the
does a voice in
here like am I is that so is that so
terrible no clip into the door
no get
back
well yeah stany Parable started out as a
halflife
mod
do okay so so far the layout is starting
to diverge quite a bit from halflife
one I'm just very curious about like
how long do it take from them to make
block
Mesa got to love this
part who's there
s the turbine thing is in here right
they're not going to switch up
the they're not going to switch up
things that much surely
that what it looks so
different this really is going to be
kind of like playing a just a different
game which is a pleasant surprise but
also not all of my previous knowledge
actually matters anymore
there's actually going to be a slight
learning curve to this so
interesting cuz normally you need
to turn off power
somewhere oh Gordon if I had known it
was you I would have let you
in everybody's heading for the surface
but I think they're
crazy if we stay put someone is bound to
come and rescue us right
now I don't want to make any Hasty make
it out of here no I don't want to make
any Hasty judgments but this is a
karaoke machine to me you're Filipino
[Music]
do I just get to have the flashlight on
forever
okay yeah this layout is so
[Music]
different oh yes the
impenetrable Shades forgot about
[Music]
those excuse
me
shush no tweet somewhere
else I I keep habitually switching to
the Crowbar because of like ammo
conservation being so important in half
life does it really matter this much
should I really just stop trying so hard
what the
[__] M at request
local94 that gives me Health
back that gives me Health back and
communication systems in the surrounding
areas iMed
has issu okay so I I will just stick
with the with whatever
gun in the
moment now if I eat my words later and
ammo conservation becomes a a big
problem I will start crying just so you
know cuz the ammo
conservation you have to do in at least
halflife one and kind of half lifee 2
but more like halflife one cuz of some
of the like random mini boss encounters
they'll give you at times where you have
already used up
everything
um it was it was a learning curve for
sure and unlearning that forless may be
a bit of a a
stress I actually didn't know that
drinks restored health and half
lifee did I go through all the stuff
here already
the only time you get like a full I'm
just checking to make sure I didn't miss
anything
[__] just
habits I swear to God playing Dark Souls
really does condition you to just like
overthink
everything hey one of these little
buggers latched onto my buddy's head we
got to get that thing off
before hey good news help just arrived
wait hey what the hell get off of
me thanks I owe you one one uh here let
me get this
open I uh I got some supplies in the
back if you want uh go take a look see
see what you can carry you seem very
unfazed by this event but that's okay
Cicero queer
is oh it's shotgun time there we
go hello
oh switching
to Crowbar
again oh what's that stench
I have one
potential candidate for where that smell
may be coming from I'll give you a
hint it's me
Bring it on Bring one on what are you
crying
about what what were you shooting
at were you shooting
at oh maybe
that he he was hyping himself up so true
[Music]
this just very
different did I just hear another head
crab yeah I'm trying
to thank you
Daniel okay nothing to do with that door
this layout is so fascinating is it just
uh do we want to go over
there cuz we don't want to go in
here nobody tell me I'll figure it
out valve no valve
can't pick up the ladder
what does this
mean what is this
strange
this oh there's something behind there
that's for sure
maybe that's not for
sure fascinating
wait could I
just is that just a red herring can I
just like run over here and do
this nope
the way I progress is from this room
right like this is such a dubious
box like surely it has something to do
with going up here but that you can't
pick up the ladder valve is not working
as
usual
oh is valve missing
you think anybody's going to believe all
this believe
what damn
Daniel is valve missing is that the
key valve are you in there
I'm losing my mind just a little
bit are we lost yep
when I figure this out it's going to be
so maddening
surely it has nothing to do with this
right you don't for I don't progress
from here
[Music]
what the hell would you even call these
things don't don't don't aim that at me
what the [__] he's like I'm going to
help you immediately this
just wow it won't let me
aim it won't let me aim the gun at him
but it will let me aim it will let him
aim the gun at me really
nice very
friendly ammo
oh
uh
well been in here this is so strange
it's funny I literally just played
halflife I just finished my playthrough
of halflife again just last night and
I'm just like this this this is brand
new
information power 45%
you know you you know why I'm mad is
because that technically does happen in
halflife one it's just placed
differently you are supposed to climb up
into the fence but
like with the problem is if you have any
experience with halflife a lot of the
things that happen in the game are not
actually that intuitive and the way this
was placed is actually more intuitive
than in halflife and so it's like you
wouldn't expect it to look as tell graft
as it is it's like oh it looks so
obvious it couldn't be
that it's so
funny it's so intuitive that it's
unintuitive it really took you that long
all you have to do is click on their
heads buddy
never give this guy the [__]
op power 60% also another thing that I'm
learning with this black Mesa is that
every time there's a box you need to
actually break to get something inside
it's like labeled instead of just a
blank box
this
is
okay Power 70
there's another
one up the next flight
right I uh no I heard screams up
ahead uh you
first
okay thanks for letting me know that I
can go uh first
parkour
God sh I just just having like an air
strip photo twice four three what the
[__] somebody loves air strips
what okay thank
you oops sorry you should
be you know what something I forgot was
that they will say that in half lifee
too but you only get to really have that
at the end of the game
oh [__] not
[Music]
good ni oh come on
eyeball I can I jump in
there they made that they made this vent
look more jump Power
8 that thing tore them to pieces
well that's a thing that just
happened I don't think we should stick
around you were a walking movie Trope
also in the in the
um halflife Google translated I if I
remember correctly it's the periodic
table just said the program it just said
the
program that's it hold on what the [__]
is going on over here
l l La H Lamar guys hey did you hear
something I yeah I'm talking Hy
Lamar
and I can't read
that oh my
God
that's that's any idea of how many of
our crew died
sh that's sher's
cat C sorc
cisero no hard feelings right nope none
not even soft ones
it's tring her but it also isn't you
don't know until you open the box be
nice oh excuse me excuse me thank you I
need this my bad doc I know
these things are
detect I just realized you could do the
right click to shoot both
barrels but whatever
no ganga sorry man
cisero 4 why couldn't you die in a more
interesting pose are we waiting for
somebody in
particular yes my Uber Eats driver
stay back take her it's not my time
don't worry he's
human if you're trying to escape I'm
coming with you I'm not so sure we
should go to the surface what if the
world finds out what we're doing down
here suit yourself
Clifford all right which way out of here
I don't [__] know
D I just one soda let's get going
soon let me get out of your way yep
am I missing anything in
here can you access the mail
server I guess
so why do they all want to access the
mail
server they're like oh my God the world
is ending I [__] have to check my
emails right now ceso sorry Freeman
C but that was quite
impressive stop why are they behaving so
galunga
can you open
this excuse me excuse
me can you have any idea what's going
on are you thinking what I'm
thinking okay
wait you may walk
hey look up
there yep I'm
looking I thought that was scity to I
just overheard a secure access
transmission soldiers have arrived
they're coming to rescue us of course I
have my doubts that we'll live long
enough to greet
them are you sure we're going the right
way well here let me get out of your way
yeah thank you the military is going to
rescue them guys isn't that so
nice a
cisero
what
okay
no
hi excuse me
minor lacerations
detected actually forget if you can
shoot this turret
off oh okay you know
what this was 3459 yeah let's just let's
just let's just try again shall
we stay I'm waiting right here for you
I'll watch your
back don't
follow
good okay lead way Gordon
I will save scum because it is a video
game for enjoyment and
entertainment don't mean to rush you but
shall we get going
soon I'm a little
py that was close it really wasn't but
it's
okay what
can you stop putting that in my face
what what were they doing in here any
idea of how many of our crew have died
[__] like
everyone it was pretty funny I'm not
going to lie they're like ah I have a
family it's like [__] cares
D this time out it kind of is
you like that
huh hey I don't mean to burst your
bubble but like they're dead and when
you talk when they're dead they can't
hear you funny how that works nice
21 hey what are you still doing down
here get
topside I hear troops are coming in the
safe
nope nope going
s not even a little
bit look
alive the Gus the Gus Beast
lovely
CES follow me in here you're going to
love it
have you seen my coffee cup have you
seen my coffee
cup what was the point of
this oh wait there's a thing over there
me G Gaga a
well where would I choose to go into the
room I already saw before or strange
Darkness I do love strange Darkness
so now what stay I've got my little
corner and I'm sticking to it I'm not
going
anywhere that's
good hey does this vest make me look
fat what are you talking
about there's this room I I I like
not fully grasping the layout of this
different
map I'm just trying to make sure I don't
miss anything I feel like I'm getting
too paranoid about missing something
when it probably doesn't matter too
much the other vent went down to here is
there a point about merging here or is
that okay there's that that doesn't
open or we need someone to open for
me
nice I know it's a video
game that was quite impressive
[Applause]
stop honking at me okay so maybe they
don't open my garage I'm very curious
lead the way lead the way sir beg
pardon cuz I I remember that room but
this is like slightly unfamiliar to me
I'm like does this open cuz it gave me a
weird rejection
sound can you guys open this that
smell after all this I don't know what
to think okay I don't think they're
going to excuse
me I remember in half lifee too also
they were just like overly polite in the
middle of a war zone they all they were
all like
this do you see that that thing with the
missing
leg no
what were you
shooting this guy's got aim hacks and
wall hacks like
relax you want to go to McDonald's what
do you
want we've got
body there is like 3 million per true
that there's a creature behind here
sorry doc you're
welcome how is the debugging procedure
coming along this is really just not the
time to be discussing these things say
hi uh the meat Walker so I'm I'm
assuming I can just leave
leave them here right
now lead the way Freeman yeah we might
live longer if we work together no just
St you go on without I'll stay
[Music]
here
help me
I missed the low poly meat hanging from
the ceiling but it's
fine power 15
I can't hear you lady the music is
really
loud I hope you like it though you
should listen to Monarch of
[Music]
monsters why is it playing like bullet
Ricochet sounds
no instead we get to have higher quality
textur I'm very disappointed hold on let
me
reload hold on let me reload
we get
an these textures just are just so
uh
normal do you want a valve
minor
lacerations thank
you I see
you I'm good at half for video
okay
thanks are you still in here yes you are
you love to stand in the fog you silent
ill silent ill the silent illst nice 21
um we need
this it does need a valve doesn't
it h
it like most certainly needs a valve
right yes look at me I know
valve oh it's uh manual
okay this is a little bit more intuitive
than the half one
maybe not a lot more intive than the
last okay this is acceptable acceptable
damn this game makes me feel royalty
makes me feel like royalty while
attacking monsters if only there were a
game uh only there were an
album that made this this has gone on
too long just forget it
[__] pizza
roll power
15% you know what they say we're the
tunnel snakes tunnel snakes rule
wol do I have to
no there's nothing else in the room
relax
minations I really need to just keep the
gun
now uh they're right behind me aren't
they Freeman good Heavens you gave me
quite a scare
don't count on the Cavalry finding us
down here
doc we got to head for the surface but
with all the elevators out of
order we can still
climb can you access
the I love emails so
much I'm ready lead the's do this before
I lose my nerve
is there another turret up here stay B
okay I'll wait here and help anybody
else who comes
by
no stop I'll stay
here minor lacerations detected no
turret G man I see you what
does anyone have
a I could have sworn that was a G oh
well no just go on
hamburger
a does anyone really know if I should
take cuz whenever I've played half life
I tend to not take anyone with me unless
there's like a reason to any idea how
many of our crew have died should I
actually bring these people with me or
is it CH I just let them stay
here also can I jump down here oh oh no
this is just
wait yeah this is just the room from
earlier how did I not
notice what's
ex how did I not notice these signs
until just now
I need a plate but that's that's as
indestructible as that does anyone know
if I should take the people with me or
can I just leave them
here cuz I usually don't again bring
anyone with me unless there's a reason
to like they need to open
something sure why not is not quite an
answer I need to know if I need
them I'm thinking cuz they'll just
become like meat bags
and I feel bad about
that what would I do without their
commentary like can you get to the mail
server I'm just going to leave them
there they'll just slow me down oh wait
yeah that's right okay nice
it's not a big deal I I can't hold on
much
longer
help you're [__]
dude wait are they [__] can actually
help them
they're supposed to fall by
now wait can I actually help
them no it's trolling me isn't it
[Music]
did that just implode because it felt
like
it no this
one no
cisero okay
sure wait I should I go here first
I suppose that there's not really an
amazing reason to do
that I guess it's just
Contin thanks for trolling me
for God's sake open the doors they're
coming for us it's our only way out oh
my
god oh damn it I missed
it wait
sorry I
just for God's sake open
the they're coming for us it's our only
way out oh my God we're
doed science that was worth
[Music]
the HV charger sound in black m just
does not hit the
same
wait like
all person
evacuate security materials facility
[Music]
well it didn't bring the halflife 2
turret sound in with us
you suck at halflife you jumped
wrong beware
forklifts against my better judgment I'm
going to break the unmarked boxes
fine no
[Music]
hold on let me just reload can you wait
can you wait a second
excuse thank you
[Music]
pardon those turrets are so funny
oh did they break the turrets that's so
sweet of them well I guess they do have
these
[Music]
oh my God holy [__] those turrets hurt
so much more than I was
expecting
okay those those hurt so much more
[Music]
now does this serve a purpose
someone said earlier why don't you use
more environmental objects I don't
know it makes things easier for whatever
reason like my brain does not
immediately think like I have to Brute
Force everything
okay
nice yeah the spawns always trigger at a
certain spot it's the same way in all
these
games you
watch
[Music]
out good God Is it
safe
no I like actually
slippery all I'm saying is triaa games
are never going to have physics like
this ever
cuz triaa games don't like fun they like
making
money these craft creatures have a
unique parasitic strategy don't you
think you don't
say he said no [__]
[__] fat lot of good that P HD does me
now
sure hey what am I supposed to do here
there there is a a trip mine and I
cannot see
it will we ever make it out of no you're
going to die
it's highly probable that our luck will
change don't you
agree J
man you're
funny military
command why did they change the voice to
that
well in all my years after all this I
don't know what to
think what is that st stop asking
questions about anything in the world
stop asking that question exact you
[__] got that
power
30%
chaos resued at
last thank God you're here no no
well good to know that the uh the
military will still be the hardest
enemies to fight in this
game it's not the [__] uh weird ass
fish it's not the
gargant none of the Zen creatures just
the plain old [__] military it will
take three billion shots to
kill
nice hello you're beautiful
the shotgun is nice at all but it
doesn't have the half life
sence got nothing
nothing I'm going running
holy
sh any I was going to
say the shotguns at all but it doesn't
have the like tubby swappy like
reloading sound that the spouse 12
does which is uh very
sad you know what I
mean
what the room of the C
do you have anything to
say that's right look at
cisero search and and Destroy Force
Bravo
report secondary objective
turn hey your
I is there anything else in this
room this is my [__] problem there's
not going to be anything else in that
room
oh
yes this room is familiar
help help help
help why do these turrets actually hurt
it's not
funny
just holy [__] just you could brute
force it and have life one okay okay
hi so what do I have to actually
care okay I'll
care oh my my
God I'm not used to
caring bring out the SR in case I have
to fight with them again you can't
destroy these can
you okay
okay I'll take
it guys don't you're not even video
games okay
you're totally supposed to do this
engagement with the assault rifle
but this is kind of
funny this
position no please don't tell me I have
to redo the thing again please don't
tell me okay nice
oh was it actually clear that this is an
EMP like is this actually clear that
it's an MP5
hold on let me just
reload hold on
[__] every every
everything okay let's not [__] around
now
you know what the shotgun is
funnier
out oh they're they're playing halflife
now
I know their weakness shoot between
things do I actually have to use the
grenades I'm actually [__] around so
much for no
reason that was my own grenade
[Music]
that's my
grenade where I come back
again help lovely
okay this is more cover shooter than it
needs to be for a halflife
how did you
live don't you remember the explosive
barrels remember
those how did they
live that's just so much more cover
shooter
please please let me
win oh my
god well they have less Health than the
military in the halflife
one but they do more damage
go back go go
go don't come back to
me surely that works
holy [__]
what they have to stop being
unintentionally
funny let me just reload for a second
okay nice fun I'm just going to uh quick
save
good
morning I am just uh not used to that
damage very interesting
no you really need so much cover
I'm so used to being allowed to just
walk around and just uh just prance
around
I knew that was
com nope
turret maintenance team report to
Central I miss the old black
Mesa uh announcer
voice I don't really like this one very
much maybe that's just cuz I'm so used
to the
original I want to use that
power
20% so the unmarked boxes do have things
incredible what will they think of
next power
poor sister
hello all
[Music]
d
e
[Music]
[__]
huh this is very good music
hi it is very good music
[Music]
I keep confusing the shift the uh Sprint
and the jump button
minor lacerations detected hello
I swear to God I just saw another hand
like reach for the for the Crowbar like
someone else's hand it was like that's
enough crowbar
cisero
minations detected
no
no I know
I killed 12 dumbass scientists and not
one of them's fought
back
sucks okay I fought
back oh the runner
monarch of
gun well so so much for the government
their idea of containment is to kill
everyone associated with the
project judging by your hazard suit I'd
say you were part of what went wrong
isn't that
right now look if anyone can end this
catastrophe it's the science team in the
Lambda complex at the opposite end of
the
base with the transit system out I
couldn't tell you how to get there
but there's an old decommissioned rail
system somewhere through here Beyond The
Silo complex if you can make it through
the rocket test Labs you might be able
to worm your way through the old tunnels
to track down whatever is left of the
lamba
team you can trust them you can trust
all of us
would someone notify me if they see a
bathroom
[Music]
cero get one of blood under microscope
power 15%
no
cisero guys hold
on I'm in dire need of some toilet paper
stop stop spitting no I'm better at
halflife than you
[Music]
see for
is the
Bible
nope some early Skrillex
are the speed indicator is this
lever my immersion
[Music]
the jumper this radiation levels
detected was a cool little sequence
I thought this was a Barnacle Boy for a
second is it tell me to platform there
it looks like
it seek medical attention
War am I supposed to platform to
that going to do that again
Cicero is
the in the halflife one Google translate
version Gordon Freeman is translated to
Google to Google to Gordon
cisero and so the bit of this
playthrough is just uh that Gordon is
cisero no one [__] Knows Why like how
that happened that's great
jumper why must it hurt DET I feel like
I could just like stop the tram I feel
like that's the better option but oh
whatever
right oh it's not asking me to platform
there I'm so stupid
there's nothing else this way right just
stand this is
silly CU we're head towards the
blast so you go through the pipes to get
to the
blast wait huh
sludge
topical power 30% this [__] looks like a
waves
plugin [__] is real
these things have so much more
Health than a normal halflife
one they realized how useless these
things were in the game
that is the clickiest little Geer
counter I've ever heard
I'm laughing all the way to the
bank seek
Jesus Christ the health on these
things it's like a couple of uh pistol
shots in halflife one
normally they [__] buff as to hell
so I know you can go over there how do
you get there cuz
normally well can we just walk on this
okay never
mind I answered my question thank you
for answering my question
me power
15% power 30%
I thought I was tripping earlier when it
was like harder to
kill kill these
things I'm definitely not tripping
anymore
[Music]
yeah
hostile biological forms detected
[Applause]
[Music]
what oh
good hold on let me just
reload are you
done frame Monster
Energy must fire the rocket engine
destroy the damn thing before
ites yes
bro get it off me get it off
Cicero
hey quiet this thing hears us some
scienti snu down to the generator to get
the rocket try to make a break for the
fuel oh my God I got a backpack
why is that Mak me go so fast I'm
crouching go look over there
just stop it nice I won't stop thinking
about the fact that baddy said this is
just like a chicken it's like
peek you
are so nice to me for no reason you're
so
nice I know
quiet over here
who is
that what if I preemptively do this I'm
yeah
nice now go look at that isn't it so
nice
[Music]
no
Jesus I know my joke is pry funny
let me
stop I
let me pick up the toilet paper stop it
oh my
God everything reminds me of him
I
no my
favorite you are so my favorite and not
even my least
[Music]
favorite why did they why did these
actually hurt
[Music]
I have two magazines
left for the assault rifle
[Music]
don't throw the box I'm the better box
thrower watch
what the [__] is going on with the
toilet paper
[Music]
I didn't need that did
I
Bella uh um I was you know how I was
just playing half lifee the other
day now I'm playing Black Mesa the
remake
okay that's not
happening okay
oh that was really
sweet no why did you auto save me
here okay it's
fine yeah remember how
uh the the thing with this fan and life
one as well this just you turn it on and
then you just have to get out fast
enough what where am I going oh what the
[__]
let me
up what the [__] is going on
genuinely I go to this
one okay
minor lacerations detected oh my health
is really good signs
critical if I die to a head crab right
now I'm going to lose it just a little
bit
7even Health right now
seven I will waste these shotgun shells
on the
[__] head crabs right now
no how did I know that was going to
happen just how did I know
stoper just kill me
y yep
where are
you hold on let me just
reload cisero
throw it back yeah let's
go show us that
[__] hell
yeah kills
here I found them
please don't troll me with
this valve
no power
15 do I have to find the other
valve let me out thank you
Val and the grenades they keep nearby it
very normal activity
hello why did the room get angry at
me fuel system engaged
[Music]
power system please report
status wait okay so
is that all I needed to do in this
section does anyone
know there's nothing else I need to do
here
right I missed the lady talk is asking
about the mail
servers it's very true
also isn't there supposed to be a water
puzzle did they remove the water puzzle
or is that the next
battle cuz yeah I think that's all we
need to
do in half lifee 1 there's a telegraph
where it shows you the what what powers
are
on I don't see the telegraph here so
okay I feel like that's all now I have
to go back to the [__] silly
Beast just a quick
save go over there take a
look ow
stop
why no stop go over
there no
one of these explodes right
no gu I took that out too or I'm just
hallucinated
I'm not thinking of the Aro froze for a
second froze
me they're sleeping
dude [__] halflife pacifist route
my favorite person in the whole world
youo seek medical
attention power
15% power
are you hungry
bro dude why are you trolling
me can I do a spray
did they take out the
spray they took out the
spray I can't spray the halflife logo
the Lambda logo anymore
I was supposed to
jump I I knew this but I was like
whatever is
fine thank
you okay well
let's
no what
Windows
what
okay this is why I use a MC
I say that as my able 10 gets Beach
balled for the 12th time in one day
stop crying oh
God wait you never seen an elevator
crash
before I hope no one expects me to go
start the generator Smithers went down
there and never came back
fun fact being inside of an airplane is
really safe in fact if you're not inside
of an airplane right now you're probably
going to die
15%
when I switch to Minecraft we can talk
more about monara
monsters Minecraft I can
easily multitask with compared to
this oh my favorite thing
are you hungry
bro I don't know what that did
this is my hiding spot I'm not moving
until the situation is drastically
improved now go away and don't tell
anyone I'm
here yeah I won't stream it or
[Music]
anything no
power system engaged I didn't realize
this was the entire generator section
systems
report I have to get out of here don't
I cuz on halflife one you have the whole
spinning platform thing which made no
sense but it was funny
I was just talking about how I like the
generator section here because
like in half lifee one because of how
absurd the rotating platforms
are excellent someone has restored all
power we'll have the engine up again in
no time
someone get it get it get it I got it
all out
[Music]
buddy all Pal doesn't know about the
legend of
Cicero you've earned it
I'm normal
uh oh yeah go ahead it's all your
eyes
here it doesn't want it
again it doesn't want it
anymore how about you oh you want it
whoa uh what take it
they they [__] hate this
thing
you all
yours what the [__] is
happening do you like
this yeah they they'll take that just
[__] that Barrel in particular
okay yeah they took out the water the
water electricity one out didn't
there the conductor
water
puzzle what chips
the
classic the alltime
[Music]
Beloved this music is soundtracking like
the
[Music]
creatures pending death
are you ready for your funny
moment this moment is sure to make you
laugh I got so [__] excited I this
was toilet
paper you have any idea what's going on
yep it's called halflife ever heard of
it
[Music]
well I guess it's true if it bleeds you
can kill
it can I say my famous line
now bet you're glad I got this old
sidearm on me aren't you cisero strikes
again
hello can I leave
now I'm so silly I just realized that
you have to go into the blast ped itself
but usually half lifee lets you
backtrack so I would like remember once
I get to a certain like oh I can't
actually go further than
this what if I
jumped major fracture detected no it's
fine automatic Medical
Systems oh what is this
object okay I think this is a good place
to switch to uh Minecraft
um let's
see I'm trying to
remember where we left
off in
Minecraft wait say goodbye to Windows
say goodbye no more windows
no more windows no way I can't believe
it's
real
okay um I'm going to be just uh right
right
back so I
can use toilet paper cuz it's funny and
uh also like get some water and
something like that let me just find our
soundtrack for this for this
break
um you know what Monarch
reprised uh arlight and after so let's
just go to uh just go to arlight and
after okay I'll be right back
[Music]
the way we saw
it
neverwake de to dream outside our own
with our hearts
[Music]
atame we are waiting room for
sh
the your guilty crime
fall let me show my
heart you are
EMP waiting for
the still we live in consquence
you are my
Empire waiting for the
[Music]
spr
youand wind
always
[Music]
shame as you nurture your
spirit your
do
[Music]
the it
all
sh
[Music]
you the
pain guilty
crime fall
fa let
heart are
empting we live in consquence
are my
Empire waiting room for
thear waiting room for the star
[Music]
our comfort in the gentle of
songing through ours
[Music]
comp rushing between the
light Shadow found
sin itself for around
[Music]
e
d
[Music]
so that weing in our
stay the flame
flickers a Ser
light all beings
Carri Cher
[Music]
yeah
e
[Music]
andere to be
found you
[Music]
the
flowers could
go and every way
[Music]
nice very
good hi hi
hi okay
Minecraft Badd
tweets
okay
so I've already talked so much about the
album in previous streams so it's hard
to know where to like
begin any sort of conversation or
discussion
around is my window
closed yeah this is very cold in here
nice
um so I
think
um maybe just open to oh I forgot I
build bu
this maybe just uh open
to any questions in general cuz uh I'm
sure there will be a lot of
questions and hopefully my attention
span will not suffer where was I putting
like key on like here I guess
a 230
right is Cadence secretly a headcrab
that is a parallel you can draw isn't
it but uh no
yeah oh
butter iPhone
go W iPhone be upon
you um God of
War was one of the reasons I I wanted to
make Monarch the way that it was cuz I
wanted to make Monarch I wanted to make
an album with the subject matter for a
while but one of the one of the like
last draws was uh was playing God of
War um and the
whole the whole Narrative of that
game those
games seek
to I don't really need these anymore
seek to
discuss was like oh [__] this is like
some stuff I'm thinking of
[Applause]
too
um I put in my cuz I have a the way I've
been doing albums now is I have a master
document with like notes for everything
I want to do now because organizing my
thoughts has made the process a lot more
transparent and like
effective
um and I think the inclusion of the God
of War
quote I had in my
notes starting probably at the beginning
of this year so it wasn't
entirely a part of the plan at first
but
uh
oh we can make bread
the God of War quote was you will always
be a monster Kratos says I know but I am
your monster no
longer I think cuz part of what I wanted
to do with that quote is
like in a lot of cases you can never
really fully recover from
anything and I know in a lot of the
subject matter this is what I was
looking for I was looking for
these get out of here um and a lot of
the subject matter I was
discussing it's
like you never really fully recover from
being a certain kind of person like
that it's less about trying to erase
everything and more about trying to
repurpose
that
cuz I think no matter my progression as
a person I always see Echoes of like
that behavior and that mindset from
before it's like no matter what I do
it's always like still lingering there
I'm trying but it is not a perfect
process and it's
like I ought to repurpose that
you know you can't fully get rid of that
monstrous
component I feel like I overlooked
that small Ravine where was it
here we
go I think that uh I was talking about
this somewhere else I don't
remember but I think now that the
album's
out there are lots of lots of things I
can start talking about but I think that
what I hope people take away from this
album it's not to be like oh sorry those
things happened to you or
like feeling bad for
me because really the album's about how
bad of a person I've been it isn't
really about how I got there that's just
for like the sake of context I don't
want people to I mean that's that's why
the song wo is me is titled that way
it's like don't actually perceive what
I'm saying in that way
I want it to be clear of the albums
about my own
mistakes I don't want it to be about the
things I
faced those are just for
context yeah I've already seen people
being
like yeah just saying stuff like sorry
that happened to you and like sorry
you've been through those things like
that's not what this is
about
so whatever I can do to
elucidate that as much as possible I
[__] hate
faat there's twice of them
even yes you can comment lightly on
princess cookie but
be why did you get mad at
me just considering everyone in the chat
so trying to be courteous of that I
suppose
um I'm inside a very Nar nrow cave I
don't know if it's going to be terribly
interesting to you it's very
narrow you can TP to me if you
want I missed
iron I think I was just curious about
where this this areas we leaving leading
what happened
vty all right well let's let's get out
of
here let's bring your animal
home the compass will not help as much
getting upwards
getting top
side yes the server is
private I don't remember how to get
out I remember
this okay here we go
B
follow Mo
WiFi
uh iPhone go
yes uh my idea with uh princess Kaku was
I it was something that needed to be
expressed in a way that it would be
nearly impossible to not feel some sort
of discomfort or anger
for most of the album warning was for
princess cooker and uh and for Sledge
which I can say now that the album's out
um what's interesting is that a lot of
people were worried about all the wrong
things they were worried about all the
gore which was really not what made this
album so
intense
um fatty I lost you and I also don't
know how to get out
so is it just this way did you find a
way
out oh you're side oh okay I see nice
um
and
for what what's complicated about
Monarch is a lot of it isn't Intense
lyrically or conceptually a a lot of it
is probably palatable for the average
person but for the few moments on the
shovel for the few moments on the album
that are the way they are they're not
subtle they're very extreme and because
of that it warranted the the warning
first and foremost and the other
reason why so much effort was put
into making sure
people hello
what is this
hell one of
the the the other main reason
for the content warnings was
because over the past few years
especially since cutie marks became the
defining like reset for my
audience um a lot of more sensitive and
particularly younger audience
members started you know listening to my
music
and I think that it was it would be
important to make
sure that there is no what the [__] is
this
place that there would be no way for
someone to miss understand the content
matter in terms of
severity the F slur is the is the is the
queer phobic
slur
and it's also extremely topical
because part of the stuff I
regret that are like mistakes that
Monarch considers is kind of just my
over sexualization of
things which is slightly ironic given
the album cover but there is a purpose
to
it but just being so
irresponsible with how that kind of
subject matter can be consumed by
anyone uh it's always been part of my
character and Brands to like Embrace
those Concepts you know tongue and cheek
and has always been with the disregard
of how other people would be affected by
it
um because that's what I grew up with in
the fandom and
honestly it's still an enormous problem
and a lot of people are not even
attempting to fight
it it it's still extremely rampant in
the my little of pony fandom to
sexualize everything in front of
everybody and
there is so much [__] bait out
there like you're going to
see uh my prouns are she her primarily
but you can check my the description
there is a link that has a few of them
for
fun are use many different Neo pronouns
as well so if you're feeling
adventurous um but
you'll see [__] like very innocent
looking Pony in like lovely socks posing
at the viewer with its like extremities
pointed towards the audience oh but
there's nothing there it's there's no
detail so it's fine it's safe for work
that shit's [__] bait that shit's
[__]
bait and that's how the guy wish I knew
when I was a
kid but it's [__]
bait um
and just in general oh I'm out of
torches hi and just in
general it's hard to tell who's doing
this [__] on purpose and who's doing
this [__] by repeating patterns that the
fandom has embrac for so
long and it's not
like sexuality is necessarily a problem
in and of itself it's it's the fact that
it's being slipped covertly into the
places that it's being slipped into
under the guise of it not being sexual
when it's of course very
sexual and again that is something I
have perpetuated I mean you have to
consider there is a reason why I pulled
the original Everything is Everything
glimmer
art cuz that was definitely in line with
that kind of [__]
I'm not happy about it but I did make
that I did make that mistake in judgment
and it wasn't an only thing I was naive
enough and Reckless enough to be
perpetuating that kind of stuff just in
general where where do I
leave it's not that sexuality is a
problem it's the fact that it's
being people are being baited into engag
with
it and so there's a part of Monarch
which is like I have felt very estranged
from all things sexuality related for a
while and part of that is just the
shame of having been a part of these
Cycles if that makes sense and the
reason why the cover is the way that it
is is is it's like sexual in a
completely different way the intention
is not to
evoke like the sexual Concepts but more
so Reclamation of something that I felt
shame and disgust for that's a big part
of why the album cover is the way that
it is and why the story is the way that
it
is that being
said even though I'm not a perfect
person it still [__] infuriates me
that I see so much like essentially
what's essentially like softcore porn
being marketed in these art
spaces with many
children being superimposed as if it's
not like
sexual it's [__] disgusting and what
I hate so much is having like been a
part of that in some
way it's a lot easier to talk about this
now that the album is out so like you
know my statement on it
but where did I put oh I put
the it is an issue with any space but
the My Little Pony space
has a very big refusal to address it
compared to other spaces let's I'm going
to be completely
honest and the difference between the My
Little Pony fandom and many other
fandoms is that the My Little Pony
fandom is based around media that is
specifically for children there's no
arguing your way around that one it it's
just not possible
did I want to explore today did I want
to try and find more cuz the nearest
Mesa is
5,000 there still dirt blocks on her
Bridge Under Bridge the stairs from the
side of your
house
um I don't know what you're saying you
can join to explore yes I'll pick our
way I think Northeast looks good
let's go northeast oh that's that's this
way
um it's not just sock art either it
genuine like that's just a prime easy
target example of the [__] I'm talking
about so much [__] can be bait even when
the average experienced person doesn't
realize it and it's [__] hard to
figure this [__] out especially if
you're a kind of person who wants to be
sex
positive and anything that just feels
like it's you know within moral
reason you will want to support that
Liberation but it's really hard when
there are a lot of Bad actors
and so it is like a paradox that this is
commentary I'm making while the album
cover for a monarch is like
sexual
but it is much more healing and well-
intended versus like whereas the the
everything glimmer art was
definitely the kind of thing that could
be seen as
bait whereas this genuine commentary and
something to say using the Monarch AR I
am just going to swim [__] the
boat we're going to have to take a boat
anyway AR we maybe
not are dirt box Sur I you dug a road to
Port
House okay I'm ating
OT I'm so glad you like the I'm so glad
you like the album my favorite plugin
always and
forever I have the Ott
cosign I'm happy to inspire
you yeah also I think now is a good time
to talk about it things like uh Carousel
and Monarch and stuff have been also
criticisms of the shock Gore that
children have subjected to especially in
My Little Pony fan but in the internet
in
general
like uh I hate Smile HD I I hate I hate
Rainbow Factory I hate cupcakes I hate
all that
[__] if you personally enjoy it that's
whatever for me I see it as a
stain that like it's been used as a way
to bait
children I was one of those
people that got like [__] up over it
as people will be like oh it's not a big
deal it's just cartoon blood it's like
yeah I guess like it's not like it
traumatized me in the same sense as like
I I saw it and I was like broken forever
it traumatized me in the sense that it
changed my perception of what should be
normal which is a form of actual extreme
trauma It's Des sensation desensi
desensitization so people who are like
so quick to be like um it wasn't really
that big of a deal actually it's just
like a little bit of blood and like it's
so cartoonish it's like has nothing to
do with the severity of it and
everything to do with the purpose of
it see here's the thing is um me
personally I couldn't prove Beyond
Reasonable Doubt the things like
cupcakes rain uh Rainbow Factory etc etc
etc we're done with the purpose
of baiting children or the people who
presented it at least were trying to do
that that's the main problem this kind
of art can exist within reason but the
purpose the intent and the presentation
is the main thing and those things all
tie in with artistic
intentions where are we going oh we're
almost in the exploring
I would not say it's a problem that it
exists at all I would say there's a
moderation
problem and the Brony
phandom doesn't like moderation
very American in that
way got to have everything uh Wild West
[__] so that a few uh Bad actors can
have their hater
and me because of what I was around I
was someone who did not do a very good
job of moderating the stuff I said and
that I did and the art that I
created I think we should all be happy
that some of my unreleased music from
from being a child is still
unreleased just saying
oh
no will this be funny or will this be
not
funny the powdered snow will be
somewhere
there's an enormous part of me where
things like Carousel and things like
monarch are a major criticism of the
Brony
Phantom but I can't really point fingers
and be like you did this you did this
you did this cuz it's like I was a part
of that
cycle I was a part oh big big Buy
buddy
buddy where are
you you're so
disappeared
hello
um with the criticisms I wanted to make
and things like monarch and Carousel
instead of like pointing fingers and be
like you did this you did this you did
this I was like well I was a part of
that cycle and this commentary can
easily be made from the perspective of
the mistakes I
me and
so I would rather Focus
Inward and maybe people who need to hear
that commentary that I make about myself
will hear it about themselves
too I'm not exempt from any of these
criticisms and survivor's guilt does
does consider this very much it's like
you know what
baddy can you stay in the hole for a
minute I need to I forgot about torches
just just for a moment stay in stay in
the chasm for just a mere measly
moment
okay cek
Town
um part of Survivor guilt is about how
like
it's kind of terrifying to consider
these things and to think about these
things while also having tons of people
look up to me cuz I my mind I'm like you
really
shouldn't you should do something more
productive that's part of what that
commentary is it's like I'm I am a
flawed
person and a lot of the things I
criticize I have either Fallen victim to
or perpetuated the cycle
of the reason why I have so many things
to
say is because I've been the person to
do the things I tell people not to
do the reason why anony is the way that
it is is because I used to be the most
judgmental egotistical [__] up [__]
in the
universe the reason my anony exists is
because I treated
people in the context of cringe culture
i othered
people by saying this is cringe you're
being childish you're being this you're
being
that I was the person to be like there's
only this is the only good thing this is
the only enjoyable thing there are
correct opinions to have about art
correct opinions to have about media
there's only these correct ways to exist
on the internet and to be a person
and so an if it's like I want to tell
people exactly what I wish I had told
myself when I was judging and being an
[__] to
everyone and so so much of my art
focuses on considering the mistakes I've
made and being
like you can do this better than me
you're going to do this better than me
and here's how you do
it I think I told this um at one point
maybe on the stream maybe not uh I'm
pretty sure the comment is deleted at
this point at least my comment but I'll
give you an example when I was I think
14 or
15 um I was talking about my hatred of
the music by
sakora hello hello hello zakora you will
not defeat me this day you okay
buddy this is under a snowy mountain
right is this good news or bad news for
creature
city
um cuz I used to listen to I used to
listen to
the like balloon party compilations and
rainbow and rooted and all that stuff
and the stuff I hated the most at that
time when I was a
kid was this is not a spawner there is
like this music by The Artist anai A N
O S
C and at that time of my life I just did
not understand what they were trying to
do and instead of being like I wonder
what makes people love this so much I
was like this is [__] every every all
this is terrible and I think everyone
should hate it and so I would like go
and tell people hey can you leave like a
shitty comment on this on this YouTube
video by Anna
I that was the kind of person I
was I was like I I
I and here here's Lush cave lovely and
here here's the part that makes me like
the most like Jesus Christ why I do this
um
and she did not she okay so feather
feather vocals who I've spoken about
before person who made
uh City Slicker and jealousy and all
those songs I was like I I went to her I
was like Hey listen to this horrible
song and she was like wow this is very
loud and then left a left a comment on
my behalf she didn't know what she was
getting into she was just like to
validate me or something she did not
actually have any bad intentions
whatsoever and like you know you know
what's really [__] up about this at
the end of the day not only is that just
the shittiest [__] behavior in the
universe but also as I've gotten older I
realized how genius size work
is like they're one of the better
musicians in the fandom formerly or or
presently I don't know what they
consider themselves but like I the C
crazy thing is I get older I'm like
damn uh they're better than me they've
always been better than me even
now
[__] um and every single day I I think
to myself I wish I could just go up to
them and be like I'm sorry for that [__]
and I just want you know I I think
you're awesome
but I've already I've already like ruin
my place as a kid with them
so they they they deserve to be have a
life free of me is my
perception that's just the kind of
person I
was in everything I
did if it sounds completely out of
character for me now it's
because I have the antithesis of the
person I wanted to be when I was a kid
now
we are getting a lush cave this evening
and it's going to suck oh it's actually
good there's lots of
goo and lots of uh
clay and lots of Goo who said
that creeper convention once more
let's try not to die in this
lava nice
but the thing is it isn't behav the
things I'm talking about are not
behaviors intrinsic to me being a child
there behaviors I developed as a child
and I continued to have until it really
just [__] hit me and I made all the
right
mistakes part of why it's important for
me personally to using like the F
slur in Monarch is cuz like I was also
the kind of person to like say every
single slur Under the
Sun exactly Minecraft
exactly and it's like to some people
that shit's not going to hit at all for
me it's going to be like I want to say
the thing that's going to remind me of
being the way I used to be
like I I I want it to hurt for
me when I say every slur I mean every
slur at least every one that I knew if
they're obscure ones that I just didn't
know then that doesn't
count um for example one of the songs
that has been Recon from the vi pod cat
and catalog was one that used a standin
word a standin term for WR slur
like it's actually
absurd all right yeah don't worry I'm
not going to start listing slurs it's
fine but that's why the using the fur in
in this album is like important for the
for the point
because all that [__] was thrown around
so
loosely and me personally I actually
don't like the Epler I like I think a
lot of people we're trying to reclaim it
God what the [__] is my mouse doing
keeps
disconnecting um a lot of people are
trying to reclaim the fur if that's for
them that's fine and it is funny every
now and then when used in certain
contexts to me but in general I feel
very hurt by just the constant barrage
of going online and just seeing everyone
throwing it around again like it's 2016
like what is it that drives us to feel
like we need to say this [__] I don't
know I wish the other the other one
that's really scaring me is the
Resurgence of the
arler it's not like when you say this
[__] someone that crumples up and dies
but it's
like it's really [__] up
actually okay there is deep dark we have
a
chance
um what was I
saying it's not like saying these words
just imediately kills people but it
indicates poor intent it indicates
desens
desensitization it and it indicates a
lack of empathy and all these things
combined in a climate the way things
have been for so long is just a
threat I don't understand why people are
saying the the arser so much
recently
like some of these people claim to be
autistic which is like fine but like you
don't really speak for everyone I don't
know it's a complicated subject where
you can just teleport to me
better I think I was heading your
Direction
anyway I I don't feel like I'm smart
enough to really know exactly how to
view these things and how to go
about trying to reach resolution really
what I'm saying right now is is I'm just
kind of at a at a loss for what to do
about
it I think the be all end all thing that
we should consider is that slurs used as
slurs are slurs you can't reclaim
something if you're using it as an
insult if you're using it to demean
people and again just
again if words truly didn't matter if
words were truly arbitrary and did not
cause any harm then the same people who
claim that they should be allowed to use
slurs also tend to be the people who get
very mad when you tell them to use
certain
pronouns it's it's a fascinating
Duality you claim that slurs are just
words but then you're asked to use
pronouns and then uh you're you're
terrified it's crazy
the album takes place My Little Pony
adjacent
adjacency we there is not a single song
where I need to be having rotten flesh
or granite or
gravel yeah you love the rotten flesh
Betty it's all for you
sorry like kind of locked it it's like
so dark I'm like trying to just figure
this out did I see deep dark somewhere
no I'm hallucinating I just want
desperately to find a [__]
ancient city we haven't beaten the Ender
Dragon we haven't really done anything
in the nether I just want to find an
ancient city and then Mark it so I can
go there later
so when I say when I say the things I've
been saying and you go back to listen to
Monarch and you can like remember these
Concepts and that's some of the stuff
I'm considering
when performing this
album I think that would be very
beneficial
I don't need silly bow or dirt
director's cut up Monarch would last
like several
days I would like a more powerful bow
but I I only recently just hit 30 again
oh I think one of the things that
started me Barrel rolling
towards considering myself as a person
more was when Trump finally became
president you couldn't joke about
anything anymore cuz he was doing the
things he said he would do and he was
actually
evil and one of the main things that
happened to me was diamonds came which
was nice as
well um
it was then that I realized
like once Trump became
president and the people around me
started to talk about it that's when I
realized holy [__]
[__] the people I'm around were never
joking the people I was around all the
[__] they said the alt-right
adjacencies they were never
joking they really believe that
[__]
and
I upended my entire life trying to purge
that
and I was just like it was such a big
thing because I had
partaken in that joking I was the kind
of person to embrace that cuz it was for
the ls
right and then
realizing these people really really
really mean
it it's not a
joke I was the kind of person who
ascribe to everyone should be subject to
being made fun of
it's only
fair it's it's a it's a shield it is not
an argument it is just a
shield a really pitiful
Shield that's one of the main things
Wallflower equation is about is like
that
realization and I feel like it took me a
couple of years to really fully recover
from
that to like fully reexamine myself as a
person and to figure out how to
dismantle those things it was not a fast
process
whatsoever cuz it's like my entire life
was like based around this [__] my
entire life was based around certain
personality
traits I had nothing to repl it with and
I had no idea what the right way to do
things
was and what a [__] terrible
realization to come
to I think what what one of the
struggles with Monarch is is that I
don't know how much of this was
influence and how much of it was stuff I
also believed or contributed to out of
convenience for myself my memory is so
like [__] up that I cannot figure out
fully what my my intentions have always
been I know my my intentions are now but
it's really hard to
remember and so I air on the side of
things being my fault because I would
rather it be that the Assumption I made
than the inverse and I was wrong
no more deep slay only
iron so far I was going to say this cave
is kind of disappointing
but I haven't even gone to the deep dark
sections
yet I'm just torching torching
things strange
more lash or is this the
same no it's different
I am just so good at wandering and
getting lost they say the wander is not
always lost but I'm always
lost just always
basically what I what I don't like with
the caves and cliff update is this like
strange sliver Mountain that can a
aore help me that can
occur at the intersection of like two
different m
points I could craft coal
blocks is it this way no I need to have
a crafting table and I don't have a
crafting
table this is a problem I remember
saying in a stream or so ago that I was
like I need to start bringing crafting
tables with me if I'm going to turn keep
inventory off
and one of my main goals with with
Monarch on uh you know managing to get
through those things it's like I didn't
want to talk about these topics in a
passive voice I don't want to skirt
around it and be like maybe this
happened maybe this happen like I did
these things and uh yeah there's no way
around it cuz I I feel like having a
passive voice when talking about these
things helps
nobody doesn't actually give progress to
anything and it muddies the waters
between
intentions
oh I'm back here
maybe I'm not as lost as I thought I'm
probably very
lost it loves to be Bren
the scent I know is not in reference to
Carousel baddy more like
B I didn't it wasn't me NE someone else
said it in chat
I can get you out but I don't think
you're going to like
it just get out
shift
yes
oops
ouch on sorry I there have any questions
coming in I just want to navigate out I
think unless we can find
wood oh yes the deep dark um f you
wouldn't happen to have wood would
you or a crafting
table me
up
wood um actually wait insane idea
could I turn this
into bone
meal and grow one of these does it have
to grow up
top who cares let's find out the hard
way I'm the smartest person in the
universe of the
world if you didn't
know wait
nice now we can
do nice now we can do
this those even go in the bundle but it
doesn't matter cuz cuz that doesn't
matter can we also do that with
these yep yep
we can keep
going I didn't really need to do that
with the diamonds did
I fair
enough okay sorry I was like completely
forgetting what the questions in the
question chat question help me I know
how to speak words
yeah diamond blocks did make
more space get taken up I may as well
just do that
um on let me scroll
up um fan art for Monarch is completely
fine I couldn't control that anyway
anyway people are going to do whatever
they
want um
but and not only that but like we me and
me and my friends have been joking about
Monarch like it is something we joke
about now now especially now that it's
out the intentions are clearer you know
it's it's something that can happen it's
just reverence first above all
things here I'll show the this is
included in
the yeah BTY draw so much
Cadence this is included in
the that's not what I wanted to
do where is
that where is
it oh yeah here we go right this is this
is something I
made uh someone in the Ser pointy world
I think they were in her here earlier
made the original comic here and then uh
I I voed I voiced it so this is this is
this is this is included in the download
of the album Sorry Lampert but I don't
think you qualify as Canon this is
[__] you let tiberious in cranking
owl is an important step in a person's
life how about you re [__]
stop why do I keep doing that one what
else there's also
uh some of these things are in the
Monarch booklet as
well
um like yeah cool now now now that the
album's out now you get to see Cadence
with a gun if that's something you wish
thank you baddy for
this there's also this one that baddy
made I run over this LI or do I drive
around him what do you think I don't
know think about the gas brage yeah but
then I have to back up and go around and
yeah it all just kind of feels like a
waste of time do it I'm not going to do
that no don't feel like it don't feel
I'm not
going wow Jesus is pretty awesome huh
baby
on
him like we have these like like these
do exist and it's okay it's so
lovely
[__] I can't do this oh no wait I
have to play
the oh baddy just made this yesterday I
think here you go I absolve you of your
sins you have been
forgiven it's so good it's so
friendly actually I think Dexter
animated uh Dex question mark animated
uh animated this one sorry Lampert but I
don't think you qualify as Canon is
[__] you let tiberious in um
cranking owl is an important step in a
person's life how about you [__] book
I don't know why but the voice I gave
lamper makes me like really emotional
like leave him leave him
alone just let leave him alone just stop
just let him
be this poor poor little
guy um
what El
say some Reon I don't have all the saved
I really
should but I
don't this
good lamper is Canon I think that's why
that's so funny is lamber really is
Canon so is a
say a fanart for Monarch and it doesn't
even have to be super
serious just like I think intentions
should be clear first I should not have
come down here this looks like a hell
world
what wait what the [__] happened I
wasn't even standing there
what the [__]
help baty oh my
God you know what baty don't worry about
it I'm oh my God
well at least I
got nothing isn't that
good there are some other questions
earlier in chat I can't scroll up to see
them anymore if you want to reiterate
them
you can TP to me now
bad
paty
Patty how do I write my lyrics okay so
typically the way I write my lyrics is
is I'll start off with like just yes
bdy you said
bro I said hi ver you sure
did the main way I write lyrics is I
start by just writing down basic
sentences and thoughts like I feel this
way uh I think this should happen or
like just sentencing and questions and
thoughts first and then I turn them into
like I take those
an kind of chazel them into being more
like Poetic I guess you could say but
not quite there yet just like more
uh articulated in pros and then once I
have those down then I start to like
clean them up and be like okay is there
a more efficient way of saying this is
there a way to rhyme this with something
else etc etc
sometimes these things just come
naturally but when they don't come
naturally that's that's usually what I'm
doing I also don't always try to rhyme
if I don't feel like it a lot of people
don't even realize that I don't rhyme
all the time because you don't really
need
to it's better for like strict pop music
but this this is the most
disappointing deep dark ever
as well just eat
it um I usually write music first but
Monarch was one of those albums where I
wrote the L A lot of the lyrics first
because you know the lyrics really
really really made her
break just the entire idea I was trying
to communicate
yeah like rhyming is great for if you
want something to be catchy and and like
super memorable
intuitively but it's not entirely
necessary to actually write music and
that's something I see people trying too
hard to
rhyme when they don't always need
to Okay so so I saw okay here I was like
I saw diamonds when I fell down here I
need to get them now have a good BRB
BD my favorite song off of Monarch I
will have a very hard time choosing
that definitely the ones I'm the most
proud of like in terms of technical
ability are sludge and Wallflower
equation I also kind of wanted the
lengths of the songs to be a surprise
but like enough people were saying in
chat oh my God the 22 minute song is
coming up
like surprises are Dead
Forever it's okay
though everyone was excited excitement
is good it's a net
positive
Bell and you know what just for that
iPhone go
the reason why it was so long because it
was supposed to be excruciating and to
make you feel exhausted and like
horrified and like angry and sad and
just like make you feel like you're
being hammered away at over and over and
over and over and over and over and over
and over and over again that's why it
was so
long the intention of sludge is to make
you just feel absolutely bludgeoned
and torn apart at every part of your
body a sludge is not going to be the
catchiest song you ever hear I'll I'll
tell you that and it wasn't made to be
that
way and also it better feel unrelenting
because it is the
song that the album's thesis is is it's
just self-hatred
and trying to seek Penance and
self-punishment and all these things and
that was the one concept I did not want
to skimp out on no matter what I did is
to communicate how agonizing it
is Patty where are
you Patty Gaddy
please if thou art ever lost teleport to
me always
I realiz I can refill my water bucket
here not much else I can consolidate
here my my bed is alive and moving
the baby wasn't hurting anyone it was
hurting my ego
I helped
you water logged bat someone
said because mainly because funny
I'm hungry here and I have like cold
that
Dy
no nope
would YouTube like destroy my channel if
I played an episode of
SpongeBob what do you think chat what do
you
think YouTube would destroy me
I I do keep risking it don't
I why am I why am I fighting with the
pick new question just dropped
SpongeBob but i dub
it you're kind of an
idiot I don't give a [__] about the Jake
Paul Mike Tyson patch up I don't care I
so don't
care I like interesting things
no more
torches or do
I I kind of really don't
wait why did I not notice this giant
[__]
thing I must have missed the uh M
shaft thank you for pushing
me I push your in first
y
bro huh Little Bush inside uh
911 was just spamming H in chat I'm
F I'm growing bored of this cave
I'm
leaving I'm Not The
Gambler I'm simply not the gambler
scary 20th anniversary of of uh
halflife for Monarch release was crazy I
also didn't plan it to be on a full moon
I know I missed the lapis I don't
care I didn't plan it to be on a full
moon it just happened that
way someone also recently told me that
ECR uh can be typed using 327 on a
number
pad which is crazy like I don't plan
this [__] dude I really don't
what recorder do I have for for field
recordings uh I have a zoom recorder I'm
trying to remember where I actually put
it where did I where did I put my zoom
recorder I'm suddenly realizing I don't
know where it is oh wait no it would be
in one of my bags would it
be uh I'm a little too lazy to look for
actually body protector
I have a silly little Chrome
bag I haven't used this for a bit cuz
usually I go I take this if I'm like
going outside for like a
while but um I've been CED
up
things since forever so
I feel like it's in
here it is in
here it is in here what is this
for bad I still see you no don't do
faddy please don't [__] do
that stop
you're so lucky
I actually Tab
out I have a little little case for
it and it has a
hat so this is my field recorder
funny
microphones it kind of does look like a
taser TSA would be so
scared the other thing TSA would be
scared about is
like I remember someone once told a
story about them bringing their SP 404
on like
um on a flight and someone's like why do
you have a big
calculator so
funny I need that to happen to
me but
okay is that a way
out oh wow that's the way I
came no way
yay you're so
um you can t me in a second B on I'll
get to your I'll get to answering your
wallfire question
thing I wonder if I can even go into the
project for that one some of the Monarch
projects are really really
Hefty this computer has the pain the
pain the deep frying
pain a lot of um my my my computer has
64 GB of
RAM and some of the projects still chug
at that
R there is a lot going
on let me go let me teleport B to
hopefully
to home and
then oh thank goodness you can TP to me
now I'm going put this stuff away and
then I'm going
to break out the Wallflower equation
project
hopefully unfortunately the projects are
not going to be as interesting because
um there's not a lot of like secrets in
them it's just sort of like
music
tragic you know what I'm evil I'm going
to hold on a second is what I'll
do bring out the
coal all the coal nice lovely
okay I will get back on Minecraft CR
shortly um this will give me an
opportunity to have my dumbass Pizza as
well
um put this back in my bag my recorder
and his
hat so lovely
okay let's see how Ableton likes the W
equation
project these projects are very
big I'm going to get the non-med
version so it might sound a little
different for
I'm might have to change
my my
um
uh I don't remember was called
the just the playback resolution
yeah buffer size thank you I don't know
why I didn't think of I couldn't think
of it for a second
okay right
here
okay so the instrument you're thinking
of was it the Drone or the pluck thing
so this sound
or the
sound well both are interesting so this
thing is actually a drone created with a
sample let's see the original sample
here
is this
[Music]
pitched all the way down and played with
two different notes here and by Nature
the looping I gave it it's just cropping
this one part and then looping it over
and over and over again it created a
natural Rhythm by itself that became a
sort of poly Rhythm and I really liked
how that sounded so I just like kept it
like
this it has two notes it is this one and
this
one which sound like this
[Music]
and then the instrument you were asking
about was this
one which is the
sample which is just a satar
slide and I lo the intro part of
it and did that
let see is there anything else
[Music]
[Applause]
interesting oh yeah so this is the only
time in the album where there's like a
subbase 808
[Music]
here this
sound it's the only time in the album
where you actually get a subbase like
that
and what's interesting is stuff like
these drums
[Music]
uh I I I played I hand played those ones
so the drums at the start here
[Music]
these are arranged so I didn't perform
those but these ones I did
perform and same with
[Music]
uh same with these I I hand played these
ones
too this was my favorite one to do is
this the sequence here
and I just did those on my keyboard like
this let's
[Music]
see where my high hats
again oh I I rearranged them so they
so that's all I I I perform that on the
keybo like
[Music]
this I hear all the layers going on here
there's this
layer this layer
[Music]
this
layer and know this noise this is my
favorite
[__] so one of the things I did with
this album was I actually recorded hours
and hours and hours of noise
recordings and so basically once I
started working on the album like I
already have all these noise recordings
I did that I can just pull from so
here's one of them
[Music]
this part right
here but you can see if I pull this
recording out it is rather large and
here are some other cuts from it is this
pitched up no it's just the original
pitch
[Music]
[Applause]
these were all made with guitar as the
main like Sound
Source
so um someone someone as about time
signatures so the time signatures in
Wallflower equation go kind of crazy so
up
until 3 minutes in it's all in four four
so you count 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4 1 2
3 4 1 2 3 4 1 people who don't know
about music theory this might hurt your
brain a little bit because uh you might
not even realize that this is happening
and you can't really unhear it once you
hear it so at 325 it switches to 7 over4
which goes like
[Music]
this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 3 4
[Music]
2 now the way I've done it is so it's
really not entirely easy to tell that
it's in a weird time signature so like
it's you it's still like dancable you
can still like head Bop to it which is
hard to do with like normal time
signature weirdness so that's something
I was proud of and then right here it
switches to 124 goes like
this 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 3 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
[Music]
12 so that that one that one will
probably hurt and then it goes to 124
again when that repeats and 74 at the
end
there
um let's see there anything anything
interesting
so
[Music]
these this is a this a synthesizer and I
played this like
this so I'm using this
saxophone and I'm going to switch this
to my
camera you're not going to be able to
see this very well but over here I have
a mod wheel two mod Wheels one Alters
the pitch like
this and one you can assign to a
different value and in this
case it's breath control so the more
that wheel goes up the more breath there
is and also I mapped it so that um when
I press down on my
keyboard it makes a growl like
this and so that was all performed by
hand by doing this
[Music]
and
so historically what I've done in the
past is uh use if I wanted to sound the
most realistic I would write a melody
and then arrange a sample around that
Melody but in this case
this library is so [__] realistic
sounding I don't need saxophone samples
anymore so anyway that's what this
sounds
[Music]
like I we just have some guitar all
throughout the album there's just guitar
noise like this
[Music]
[Applause]
stuff like this again
[Music]
[Applause]
and one of the big things in Monarch was
to have these noise walls like
[Music]
this which is very much that no way
Athos
also where's where's the piano is this
one no it's
a
no I just love I just love the notes
that are playing with this it's so
lovely it looks like a worm sounds like
this by
[Music]
itself and then contacts
I love
that okay is there anything else super
interesting here or is all just kind of
standard
[Music]
fair I really liked uh performing this
these drum parts
[Music]
and funny enough so this one on the left
here is actually a Nexus
Patch It just sounds really
good and then um the one on the right
over here is
the the contact
[Music]
top and again I just did that
through oh I forgot record arm was an
exclusive
[Music]
also I saw someone a couple people
saying they thought this was a metronome
it's not it's just it's a wood
Block it's one of these it's a wood
block um it was contortions
inspired um I talked a lot about how the
no wave my my deep dive into the no wave
scene inspired most of
Monarch Monarch had a completely
different had a monarch had a completely
different atmosphere before I fell down
the the the no wave Rabbit
Hole
um okay so let's talk about uh I think
before go to the question of Winter's
end songs really
quickly I'm just double check to make
sure there's nothing else super
interesting to go over
here me you want to hear the noise wall
without the vocals
[Applause]
[Music]
and a guitar
here okay so monar
interpolates a lot of
music and a lot of it's my own music
let's have some fun
here let's get revenge fantasy and I'll
get out this
one so in this part in Revenge
fantasy this
melody happens
[Music]
that progression is actually just ripped
from Winter's end so Winter's end is a
song an album I released in 2013 more
than 10 years ago and the melody being
interpreted here
is is this one
[Music]
h
back to Revenge
[Music]
fantasy and then
also the ual lead Melody of the
[Music]
chorus is interpolation of this song
recall recall it it's from October 6
[Music]
was redone here
and a lot of the purpose of that was
like this is the
most just
horrifying [__] up album
ever and I wanted to like contrast that
with the fact that a lot of these songs
that they're interpolating are songs I
made when I was at my most innocent and
when I was a child before any of the
stuff in this album I'm talking about
happened and just contrasting this idea
of like these ideas that came up when I
was like 13 are now being used in this
like album about these topics and it's
like heart-wrenching for me personally
to do
that there's also a lot of
uh other
references this this album is sort of a
weird Love Letter to
Genesis the band
Genesis
um because of their inspiration to me as
an
artist and so I want to go over some of
the the references from there
too
so in the hair Tech there's
[Music]
this this this particular line
here is an interpolation of this
[Music]
like
this um there is one in Princess cooku
which obviously I'm only going to play
the part where it happens
[Music]
right
here just not play the rest
here is a reference to this
s's
that
um oops did I [__] up chat oh no oh
there it
is I accidentally closed chat on my
OBS um
such a wholesome
interpretation there's one other one
that I'm not
remembering there's one in rest now
little wolf but that's not the one I'm
thinking
of I may have forgotten the other one
if it comes to me I'll I'll remember it
but the last one is is this one
where this is the way this is an
interpolation
of this
[Music]
one like the
D that settle
[Music]
around I changed it to us as opposed to
we
but and there's also
[Music]
where is
and the
sun
refle
P so those are the Genesis references I
think the other reference to Genesis is
actually in the Nolla rather than the
album
um and the purpose is to to like to
communicate and to honor the band
Genesis cuz
like they're the primary reason I even
started making music in the first
place um and so I wanted to pay homage
in some ways by including these
ideas they're sort of
brief and not full interpolations but
they're in
included at some point I want to cover a
bunch of Genesis songs just for
fun um but I highly recommend Genesis to
anyone who enjoys
Monarch and
uh if you were to listen to a First
Genesis album would probably recommend
uh sing by the
pound and then of course
let's see
here can we just go to
albums these are not really albums are
they those are
everything there we
go
so things like
[Music]
what's the point of saving the world or
yourself when the greatest villain
is which is an interpolation of my own
song which is this
[Music]
and that's this
one point of saving the world or
yourself when the greatest villain is
you and there's also another uh home
word reference in here
somehow in uh not play dead but the her
attack is
[Music]
here I
can't is a reference to
oh with me I
[Music]
can't that
one
um thinking very hard in my head right
now uh obviously sludge okay Ableton
have a nice time trying to load this
one go on you can do it I believe in you
look at that [__]
waveform you can do
it
um
obviously have to
[Music]
[Applause]
indge it
AC you know
it which is obviously a reference to
[Music]
so
you not only that's not the only cutie
marks interpolation because there's
[Music]
[Applause]
also you to this
what is a reference
[Music]
to forgetting where it
is is
it was there oh my God I don't know my
own
[Music]
music here we
go just that particular phrase
[Music]
being there's
that and
then Huntress oh look how short that is
whoops forgot that wasn't 20 minutes
long
let let me
[Music]
know so in this first
I for you all my
life show your
I for you my fethers St SED
bz in s
snow I begin to
D which is obviously a reference
to everything
[Music]
my body
now I
begin like in a
dream which is
even the same
line um and then also just after
this obviously
[Music]
fall
fath there's
[Music]
also I'm dancing
I always dancing with my nightmares is
not actually on
here
uh but the term dancing with my
nightmare as a reference to to this song
from
[Music]
2015 story with a
blooding now contr with the fall of r
[Music]
there's that and there's
also every little dream I
had which is uh obviously did I not put
the Little Dream single up either big
question mark for
myself but uh Little Dream little
dreams little
dreams so yeah
um and then one of the last ones I can
think of off the top of my
[Music]
head
so winter will end just the same is just
and very simply
referencing Winter's
end and then of
course no
matter no matter what which is just
uh which is just no matter what but not
only that that's not the only reference
to no matter what
but the melody that the trombone
plays is the same one as
[Music]
so it's actually the melody is playing
here as well which more people might
miss than the blatant no matter what
reference and I was just talking about
this in in another chat just before the
album released
[Music]
but I think one of my favorite parts of
the album is just the the repetition of
the of the phrase so there I was and to
me Inc capsul it's
like you know not quite at the end of a
journey or anything but just like this
idea that like you can look back and be
like you know what at that point in my
life there I
was like I I went through
that and like there's something very
final about it without being final it's
still just like there's still ways to go
but I can look back and remember these
points and know that they're gone
they're past now no matter
what um
but I didn't fully come up with that
line in
isolation the reason why I was so
interested in using that line so much
was actually this is going to [__]
everyone
up because a dead Mouse's random album
title the final song is so there I was
and ever since 2012 when I first heard
this album I was like that is one of the
coolest ways to end an album is with
that phrase it feels like such a
summative part of a
story and with dead mouse the song
wasn't all that cinematic but it was
really
pretty and I was like I I want to take
that idea and sort of give it my own
meaning and give it my own purpose um
but yeah that is to say the dramatic
melodramatic end of Monarch the lyricss
at least were inspired by T
M but I just thought that phrase was so
beautiful to end the album
with just like how it was ended though
this album is so clly and mechanical and
like kind of dark and so when you get to
the end here and it just feels like a
breath of fresh
air like here let me let me let's just
skim through for anyone who doesn't
listen to dead M before like this stuff
is pcal and dense and like kind of
crunchy and stuff all the
[Music]
time this this one's kind of pretty but
especially I
[Music]
remember so with this whole album even
the more positive sounding ones still
feel like they're submerged under water
and snow and just like grit and muck
even if it sounds cute and so finally
when you get to the end this just feels
like such a breath of fresh
air
[Music]
like where's this little pad this little
pad in the background he feels like
sunshine was
like I want to commemorate that in
somewhere so yeah the final lyrics to
Monarch are inspired by Death
Mouse you know what dead m is one of
those people as well who is kind of a
[__] case for most of his uh public life
and the past couple years he's been kind
of chill
so he has been
transphobic hardcore in the past and
then this past year or two he's like
shouting out uh Wendy Carlos for
being a woman that he owes his career to
basically so
progress a
monster but their monster no longer or
something to that effect back to
Minecraft I should fill these
chests it's funny that dead Mass was uh
so anti-progressive for a time
considering I would feel like he has
zero reason to to to not but
whatever we need to take these
out hello scuba Mike how you liking that
you love
it baddy why are you
hitting come in bro
you can't throw clay can you because it
would be funny if you
said oh I'm streaming Minecraft last
time I said that was the last stream
before
Monarch which was also a hard thing to
stick to because I kind of wanted to
stream again after that stream but I was
like I already said it
so we're sticking to
it are you
chested actually should this not be
should there be no chests here
because this could be an entrance to
something else I don't
know what did we want to do next I want
to
consider getting the villagers over here
oh I also want to migrate the farm okay
that's something we can
do um no no matter what was no wave in
2023 this year no matter what's actually
going to be closer to the style of what
Le Pony step is going to
[Music]
be let's kill them until there's two
left I
mean Harvest
them
uh so again
um Monarch is a type of music which a
lot of people who don't normally like my
music are probably going to
like and i' I'm predicting there is
going to be an influx of people who are
not into my music primarily who will say
things like I'm very glad you're making
music that I think is good now monarch
of monsters congratulations I'm making
something that I think is good and my
excitement is never ending because my
next album is literally going to be top
40 Electro pop music meets bro step
electronic based
music like everyone who's like finally a
monarch you're doing something I
actually like they're going to [__]
hate what I do
next and I'm excited for
that I I wear that I wear that in Pride
this is something I'm prideful of
um but yeah basically what love and&
Pony step is going to be is this
basically like top 40 electropop pop
music fused with a lot of like EDM stuff
old than new
I wish I clear this area out I just
realized the thing is love and party Stu
is actually going to be kind of
emotional but it's going to be buried in
a lot of
like subtext
my goal for love and& Pony step is for
it to seem like
caring and like joyous
and
boisterous at at the Forefront and then
the more and more and more you look into
it the more you realize how serious it
actually is that all the songs topics
are actually dealing with with like the
mental health of top five
videos or by extension me since it's all
allegorical from my
experiences but just this idea that's
like silly on the outside and then the
more you consider it I don't know the
more the more grave it can
see I think that's vid's whole
thing so love and pep is going to be
like that and I think no matter what
this year is going to preface
that very
nicely yeah it is s the Pumped Up Kicks
effects
[Applause]
let's clear out here I
think so nice
again I can
like make any style of music I feel like
because I'm looking enough to have
curated an audience that expects that
rather than something
specific so because of that because I
can make whatever I
want I'm kind of not able to run out of
ideas I currently have something like 10
plus album projects in plan so I it's
not stopping anytime
soon and then once I run out of those
album ideas then I just start writing
new ones I'm still working through a
list of
things wait is this a second
layer oh ni
I'm not retiring yet I'm 26 years
old so close I am so close I am not
quite 65 or whatever they need people
fire out of this
[Applause]
we love
dirt well Monarch was in progress since
the beginning of last year
for wizards and Paradise Valley I made
as taking a break from
Monarch I mean isn't that real life
though like there's there's so there's
so many stories of people just like
hating each other until they actually
beet each other and then they're just
like wait I kind of [__] with
you it's just
normal and I and part of my idea with
that was to show that Arya being a sort
of Godlike figure is still not is still
prone to these very normal things
they're still like not
perfect and I want that to scare people
like oh the God is not perfect this is
not good news for anyone correct if the
God cannot be perfect neither can you
be good luck type [__]
yeah I commissioned the
art Monarch has the uh I think the
highest art budget I've ever had for any
album ever I think even more than fairy
tales which is funny considering how
fairy tales is like not even really
fully released if you think about
it I think aside from like food rent and
basic things and and stuff the most I
spend my money on is art for albums and
projects and
stuff usually with things like singles
like single songs because I put them out
for free I usually pay more for the
art than the money I get back for
singles so typically I lose money on
Singles cuz I make them free especially
but then I don't lose money on albums so
it like makes up for
[Applause]
things that's bad by the
way it is bat bat a
bat need the p
example like I think I paid something
like $250 for
the upcoming no matter what song and I'm
probably not going to make much money
off the
single so it's fine
[Applause]
part of the goal of the Viet Pony
project is also to just support artists
which is what I
do CU artists get [__] over a lot so
I also don't think I can write off uh
art things for taxes at the moment
unless I start giving everyone I
commission like tax forms which is just
like I'm fun of [__] I'm not doing
that
[__] I can't do no one wants to do that
especially because a lot of the artists
I work with are not even from America
and
like that's a problem
problem um it's not expensive as a rule
but I tell people to charge me more if
they just feel like it cuz it's
commercial it it is it is a business
expense technically but I i' have to
fill out lots of tax forms for everyone
and I'm not doing
that especially cuz
again
um a bunch of the people I work with are
not even from America so tax forms in
America for people from not America not
good not fun to deal with
so but uh things I buy for for my
projects like instruments and equipment
our tax writeoffs because I only use
them for the purpose of continuing my
work
so taxes still [__] suck though I
think I talked about this before but as
an independent I lose basically oneir of
everything I make to just taxes alone
it's really
nice nice and friendly and
normal stop
rotating
okay the difference between being
employed and being self-employed is that
like I have to take out all the TX
myself instead of like my employer doing
it it's the main
thing leads I needed leads but I need to
make sure I can actually put the bar
there
first
um
tools and such
nice sleepy time
bro iPhone go
baddy do you see
this they're
[Music]
behaving okay
no
we can just put them over
here what other games start I play
what's funny is I feel like I just
forget what games I play I don't
remember I mostly play single player
games yes we should play Roblox again
it's just Roblox can get out of hand
very quickly especially for an an
audience
it's time to get you nestled
bro it's not just people want to join
it's just the fact that like the kind of
[__] that can happen in Roblox is very
concerning
like I'd love to play that drawing
guessing game where people didn't draw
dubious things
constantly it's fine when it's just me
but when everyone else is watching it's
complicated it's time for your coffee
you graceful
[__] that's that's what that gift says
by the
way I can't pronounce that and I'm too
scared to try
like the last time I played uh last time
I played the Roblox guessing
game someone just like wrote in big
block letters just the nword which was a
an experience
so it's like that's like kind of why I'm
not
exactly I'm a little scared to try and
play Roblox on
[Music]
stream I don't know if I would trust
everyone who joins because of me to have
the best of intentions either that's the
problem I wish that were a case I wish
we were all well behaved
sadly this is not the
truth many of you wish to troll
[Applause]
I did experience burnout while making a
monarch that's why I made girls for
wizards and
uh Paradise Valley I was going to say
Wizards of Waverly
Place that's why I made wizard a Waverly
Place okay
R the good news is I got to play cart
ride into 17 pregnant hyenas before it
got taken down it was a very pleasant
experience and I can confirm there were
17 pregnant
hyenas it was very nice
I'm pretty sure I got to take it down
now many sad
days every everyone has
heartbroken over the death of 17
pregnant
hyenas there are already Violet Pony
models on Roblox like there's the Obby
should we do the Obby oh no I [__]
hate the Obby it's so hard for no reason
shout out to whoever made it though it's
just so hard for no
reason it is absurdly hard it breaks my
heart [__]
one two three four five six
seven one 2 3 4 5 6
7even this will be for
more
[Music]
friends yes after love and pony
step after love and pon Pony stuff it's
all promise
complex the time has finally
come all efforts will be redirected
towards promise complex it's time to
[__] finally get this
done we will wrap up Saturn's Arc
Starship Ponyville itself
and we will start building from there 2
3 4 5 6 7 promise complex has
technically conceptually been in the
works since
2018 but if we're being
realistic there's two other ways to
interpret it one is Starship Ponyville
as a story has been in the works since
2012 but active work for promise complex
began in 2020
and it's been on Hiatus for a very long
time part of the reason why is cuz I
need to do the fairy tales booklet
still the the fanfic and part of doing
the Monarch novela was to prepare myself
to do the fairy tales one because I've
reconed uh Violet's mask pronouns and
some other information so I've had to
I'm going to have to like rewrite a
bunch of the stuff for Fairy Tales
um secret for having such an incredible
work ethic um have an existential crisis
hello dear
row it's four in every
direction two three four
BP two three four here that's where the
water
goes one two three four
okay anyway two three four
um I need
to uh do the fairy tales booklet
better and to do that I needed to get
into a writing
mood and monor got me into a writing
mood and I've been able to get a better
workflow for doing my
writing um so then once I
do the fairy tale story then nothing
else is stopping me from working on
promise
complex that's the main thing that
stopped me from working on promise
complex cuz then for promise complex I
have to write another
story and a whole other album and it's
going to be a very big album and it's an
album that's going to conclude 12 plus
years of story writing
so there's also just the emotional
counterpart of just oh my God this is
going to end
now has been a big
thing and here's the thing I I don't
want to scare
anyone but promise complex hanging over
my head has actually been one of the
sources of my
burnout if promise complex wasn't an
obligation I had for the story I would
probably be releasing more music than I
already am and I know that sounds crazy
because I already make so
much but with promise complex out of the
way
eventually it will finally free me up to
do all the projects I've been planning
for a very long time
and I I know how crazy that
sounds but it's
true this is budding a budding world
[Music]
I've created
bat I switched to say too cuz I didn't
know anything else for everything
come
and we love to make
bread iPhone
go I think about the uh
guys you can call you can call larve
candy batty that is its name B people
see either call you larva candy proper
or just
larve like not the first time that
people just called you larve it's so
funny
lar
IM
imil not you
where is this Hey Oh okay that's
fine oh hello this is
funny I almost like eventually started
attacking scoa bike I was like that's an
eneme in my house
yeah I beat my
dog it's
funny scuba
mic and we love to
punch 34 levels let's see what we can
do um
sticks and stones may break my bones but
a
cannonball flying at 50 trillion miles
per hour will kill me instantly vaporize
me into a small pile of dust nice let's
see scuba Mike you deserve
better sco scuba Mike you deserve
better okay it's time to gamble I love
gambling so [__] much
I'll take
it it's deleting and Unbreaking and then
obviously things like
sharpness let's see if we can get
something to combine it
with
sharpness sharpness those are
good um what are some other en
enchantments that go with
sharpness cuz there's not knock back
there's fire
aspect
Bellow Poland where
Poland yeah sweeping Edge as well but I
think looting sharpness and Unbreaking
is enough to Warrant The Mending
addition as
well potentially
and then we just make a sword with with
fire aspect and sweeping Edge and then
that's like we can just combine those
later we also have feather falling four
as a book which is really
good why am I being fished because
Poland
see
Poland and I'm a fish this is
true um okay sco mik you're on the
saw and
mending now it's a very formidable
sword sword
the sword will last forever unless I die
which is something that can
happen
Okay so this Mountain's a bust why don't
we just head
north I I'm actually so mad at how much
snow there is here like it's
ridiculous all this and no ancient city
like what the
[__] and we know the the nearest Mesa is
in this perimeter which is
ridiculous but we'll find it
eventually or bad lands I keep
forgetting that's not the official name
anymore
okay
um why don't we go check out what this
business is all about actually let me go
make sure I have torches cuz that's the
someone said the BTY lands
you've left it speechless never mind
it's speeches
[Music]
you're causing yourself
pain someone [__] someone said the
lar
lands lar sounds like the name of a guy
that like works on
cars like oh yeah you want to go go down
to my mechanic
larve they're working on my Foreigner
right
now that's Marv no it's larve now
I only have 23 Arrows by the way and I
don't have a chicken
farm nor a fortune
shovel larve the non-binary
mechanic baddy you're going to defeat
you're going to defeat gender
stereotypes right
now baddy come down
here come down down here
bdy baddy come down here this
instant are you ready to become a car
mechanic you know what iPhone go
that one's going in the Scrapbook
cisero okay
torches what bring them back
lar cisero the non-binary car booat
plane tank
mechanic baddy you work on planes and
tanks since
when you have infuriated it you were
confusing it to no
end Are you a Adventure ready for
Adventures are you ready for a
motorcycle adventure to
Mongolia
nice we're going south for the
winter and winter is
coming so
[Music]
I like Prince for Monarch for
vinyl we'll see how that goes
though let's put the ho in the back seat
it can stay in my burlap
pouch
cisero okay time's up
yeah on free balloon
day
SP spop
oh God damn it not cisero
again what a blessed
sentence is this where we get
off no
yes sort
of there's an album about
you Minecraft needs to listen to the
album monarch of
monsters
fatty BD I literally just saw you
running and
prancing please please come to the
boat and that's why James Franco is
going to Teach Me How To
Duggy you're breaking your
limbs
gar someone threatens the Wilds
dead
South I bet it's more snow down there
don't say that don't say that to me
you're you're scaring
me you're going to make me
sad what a beautiful day someone needs
to build a Target out
here I need three Walmart super stores
and then out here
stop I'll will build the
target something you're allowed to build
something you're allowed to do is build
like car parking lots wherever you feel
like
them there can always be more parking
lots and more Highway
lands I love parking lots so [__]
much I love parking garages so [__]
much I want to live in a parking garage
as soon as possible land ho
what's all iPhone
go wait do you see all those
red oh it's the funny face
okay um those are all drowned I don't
feel like doing that right now
finally land
ho okay BR 21
right Land Ho
row let's go find some uh real estate
now
oh say can you
see say can you see oh say can you
[Music]
see oh say can you see oh can say you
can you say that you
see can you
you
C cisero is coming for you nice
21 Hurricane Katrina more like hurricane
tortilla
Adam I'm I kill
everything that's nice
was that really Island
lovely I'm swimming to the over
there just [__]
you you too I'm not the fish whisper I'm
the fish killer
fish the
killer survive Cicero Area 51 fish the
killer
exe back rooms skid
Cicero HW and the things that bind us
wait I think the sand Guardian lives
here guardian of the sand Poseidon
Quivers before him [__] off
but what are other Vines I can include
in my [__] brain rot
spel
um I don't know if you checked the menu
today but stick is on the
menu okay you're on time
out think about it and come back when
you're better get well soon fatty let me
in thank
you oh so
dark that's a snail
that's actually a [__]
snail not even subtly that's just a
snail we're going to snail Island
that's where bug
lives I going to be like what is that
it's just
skeletons invading snail
Island can't have [__] can't have [__]
around
here
whoa what the [__] is going on with the
world generation around here
skeletons living on snail Island it's
a small community of lesbian
skeletons defending their
home Happy Pride
H and the and the and
the help
Creek flowing in the things that find
us create a 10f floor parking complex on
snail Island
please you're
right you're absolutely
correct that Enderman is
uh just going through it
lovely lava nice 21
when don't we get off
here holy [__] iPhone
holy [__]
hitting f
okay so what's all this
then
batty bdy
but
where
where what the
[__] did we actually find Cherry Blossom
flowers but no
trees
no we have got to start killing people
wow that's just one patch cherry blossom
but one patch of
snow don't hit
baddy has gone
Maddie you lost you lost the
game you were busy
kill you can TP to me
shortly give me now TP to
me wait what oh I was here I remember
now I was like really confused for a
second but I'm like yeah this is part of
the area I've already explored that was
really [__] F like what the [__]
Fu but now we were here this is where
the Cliffhanger happened if anyone
remembers but what we want is to go
south even more
more
snow how
delightful and nice
not
good um guys we're getting attacked
right now
we've got company
whoever was manifesting out of their
hole your manifesting worked but I lived
[__] is something delightful up ahead
or something ruined
perhaps wait what the [__] is that oh
it's just normal
things
wait
Betty cherry
blossom cherry blossom
tree Aries
so refreshing so
lovely so BR
21 who said cherri's jolli be
I'm frolicking right
now in
[__] wait
oh my God po Robinson's house no
way I'm sorry I think keep I I think
keeping about help me I keep I keep sh
it's okay I keep thinking about this
video
I I just keep thinking about this video
wa hold
on we all hung out in the coffee shop
called poopies up on the strip
they were uh surprised we all hung out
in a coffee shop called poopies up on
the
Strip very surprised sorry I just keep
thinking about that video for no
reason very famous video everyone knows
it the most famous video I've ever known
everyone loves
it videos and
uh videos
now I just wait for them
saplings look at the this is not your
[__] this is my
[__] they didn't change the wood noises
it's just different noises for the
cherry
blossoms and more snow
you guys are so mean to me like there's
only going to be
snow snow there
isn't we all used to hang out at the at
the coffee shop called poopies down the
street up the up on the strip whatever
the [__] he
says for
guys it's hard to take the leaves with
an iPhone
this one's for the Scrapbook
why is it so particular
looks like a
mountain so true
do not disturb local
Grinch don't worry I've played the
Grinch Obby already right bddy
B
Village you know what that
means oh what a big Village
oh
there is like no chests
anywhere where's the
librarian balls three to a
town why was everyone just born
there's
nothing why are they
jobless why are you white
okay what do we call this Village
London cisero
cream
what cisero cream get the [__] out of
bed
Los Angeles is
scary cisero's
Delight cisero's
Delights you know what I don't know why
but
sure have it your way
now
what so we go
here we just want to know where the
biomes
are go e
suppose I do have my own songs to myself
not as much lately
though a lot of the Monarch songs are
not
hummable
huh that's just water
right yeah what a strange shape though
Christ all these
mountains all these Snowy
Mountains
whoa beef
beef beef
beef what an interesting uhu
sure it's very
interesting oh crappy
deep dark huh
I
holy [__]
wait that looks like stuff over there
about it
well my tricks are working
you may now die idiot child abortion is
funny
that's so
weird see a m shaft
this is [__]
enormous
hey holy [__]
holy
[__] and yet
no ancient city
all this space Snowy
Mountain no
City okay the time has come for iPhone
to go away or no iPhone stays and then
we bring the hoe out
this is the biggest expansive deep dark
I've ever seen in no ancient city
[Music]
well that was funny
there's really no ancient
city cuz if there were in this area it
would stick out pretty
clearly it's just no fair I got an
ancient city in my first playthrough on
the
update and
then still struggling to find one here
why I playing such high
fov I don't know cuz I like
it
it just damn I mean maybe
that what's all
that that's Oak planks is that just a uh
surely that's just
see just a
mft I'm so bad
here
genuinely you've got to be kiding me
that there's no ancient
city all the perfect
conditions lots of space underneath the
snowy mountain lots of deep dark
and just uh
nothing for
look at that perfectly placed skull uh
Sher so beautiful
just just wow
hi
fting this place
sucks for
hello
bro you can TP if you want to now but
you'll have to walk
slowly for
three shers in a row over there
this is a nightmare
just
like such a big
cave
no no
one no one at all
just so much space
that's just a m shaft
I'm honestly too disappointed to
even to even
I can certainly
odd this is so
sad well
I'm sufficiently tired
anyway I think I will end the stream
here
Cadence
hello maybe next time we'll have a
better outcome with our video
game
so thanks for coming this the game
thanks for
coming good night good
night good night good night